=== PDF page 442 ===
A	jet	of	silver	light	hit	Malfoy	in	the	stomach	and	he	doubled	up,	wheezing.
“I	said	Disarm	only!”
	Lockhart	shouted	in	alarm	over	the	heads	of	the
battling	 crowd,	 as	 Malfoy	 sank	 to	 his	 knees;	 Harry	 had	 hit	 him	 with	 a
Tickling	Charm,	and	he	could	barely	move	for	laughing.	Harry	hung	back,
with	a	vague	feeling	it	would	be	unsporting	to	bewitch	Malfoy	while	he	was
on	the	floor,	but	this	was	a	mistake;	gasping	for	breath,	Malfoy	pointed	his
wand	at	Harry’s	knees,	choked,	
“Tarantallegra!”
	and	the	next	second	Harry’s
legs	began	to	jerk	around	out	of	his	control	in	a	kind	of	quickstep.
“Stop!	Stop!”	screamed	Lockhart,	but	Snape	took	charge.
“Finite	Incantatem!”
	he	shouted;	Harry’s	feet	stopped	dancing,	Malfoy
stopped	laughing,	and	they	were	able	to	look	up.
A	haze	of	greenish	smoke	was	hovering	over	the	scene.	Both	Neville	and
Justin	were	lying	on	the	floor,	panting;	Ron	was	holding	up	an	ashen-faced
Seamus,	apologizing	for	whatever	his	broken	wand	had	done;	but	Hermione
and	 Millicent	 Bulstrode	 were	 still	 moving;	 Millicent	 had	 Hermione	 in	 a
headlock	 and	 Hermione	 was	 whimpering	 in	 pain;	 both	 their	 wands	 lay
forgotten	on	the	floor.	Harry	leapt	forward	and	pulled	Millicent	off.	It	was
difficult:	She	was	a	lot	bigger	than	he	was.
“Dear,	dear,”	said	Lockhart,	skittering	through	the	crowd,	looking	at	the
aftermath	of	the	duels.	“Up	you	go,	Macmillan.	.	.	.	Careful	there,	Miss
Fawcett.	.	.	.	Pinch	it	hard,	it’ll	stop	bleeding	in	a	second,	Boot	—
“I	think	I’d	better	teach	you	how	to	
block
	unfriendly	spells,”	said	Lockhart,
standing	flustered	in	the	midst	of	the	hall.	He	glanced	at	Snape,	whose	black
eyes	 glinted,	 and	 looked	 quickly	 away.	 “Let’s	 have	 a	 volunteer	 pair	 —
Longbottom	and	Finch-Fletchley,	how	about	you	—”
“A	bad	idea,	Professor	Lockhart,”	said	Snape,	gliding	over	like	a	large	and
malevolent	 bat.	 “Longbottom	 causes	 devastation	 with	 the	 simplest	 spells.
We’ll	be	sending	what’s	left	of	Finch-Fletchley	up	to	the	hospital	wing	in	a
matchbox.”	Neville’s	round,	pink	face	went	pinker.	“How	about	Malfoy	and
Potter?”	said	Snape	with	a	twisted	smile.
“Excellent	 idea!”	 said	 Lockhart,	 gesturing	 Harry	 and	 Malfoy	 into	 the
