=== PDF page 447 ===
look,	Harry	walked	on	by,	thinking	that	Justin	might	be	using	his	free	time	to
catch	up	on	some	work,	and	deciding	to	check	the	library	first.
A	 group	 of	 the	 Hufflepuffs	 who	 should	 have	 been	 in	 Herbology	 were
indeed	sitting	at	the	back	of	the	library,	but	they	didn’t	seem	to	be	working.
Between	the	long	lines	of	high	bookshelves,	Harry	could	see	that	their	heads
were	close	together	and	they	were	having	what	looked	like	an	absorbing
conversation.	 He	 couldn’t	 see	 whether	 Justin	 was	 among	 them.	 He	 was
walking	toward	them	when	something	of	what	they	were	saying	met	his	ears,
and	he	paused	to	listen,	hidden	in	the	Invisibility	section.
“So	anyway,”	a	stout	boy	was	saying,	“I	told	Justin	to	hide	up	in	our
dormitory.	I	mean	to	say,	if	Potter’s	marked	him	down	as	his	next	victim,	it’s
best	if	he	keeps	a	low	profile	for	a	while.	Of	course,	Justin’s	been	waiting	for
something	like	this	to	happen	ever	since	he	let	slip	to	Potter	he	was	Muggle-
born.	Justin	actually	
told
	him	he’d	been	down	for	Eton.	That’s	not	the	kind	of
thing	you	bandy	about	with	Slytherin’s	heir	on	the	loose,	is	it?”
“You	definitely	think	it	
is	
Potter,	then,	Ernie?”	said	a	girl	with	blonde
pigtails	anxiously.
“Hannah,”	 said	 the	 stout	 boy	 solemnly,	 “he’s	 a	 Parselmouth.	 Everyone
knows	that’s	the	mark	of	a	Dark	wizard.	Have	you	ever	heard	of	a	decent	one
who	could	talk	to	snakes?	They	called	Slytherin	himself	Serpent-tongue.”
There	was	some	heavy	murmuring	at	this,	and	Ernie	went	on,	“Remember
what	was	written	on	the	wall?	
Enemies	of	the	Heir,	Beware.	
Potter	had	some
sort	of	run-in	with	Filch.	Next	thing	we	know,	Filch’s	cat’s	attacked.	That	first
year,	Creevey,	was	annoying	Potter	at	the	Quidditch	match,	taking	pictures	of
him	while	he	was	lying	in	the	mud.	Next	thing	we	know	—	Creevey’s	been
attacked.”
“He	always	seems	so	nice,	though,”	said	Hannah	uncertainly,	“and,	well,
he’s	the	one	who	made	You-Know-Who	disappear.	He	can’t	be	all	bad,	can
he?”
Ernie	 lowered	 his	 voice	 mysteriously,	 the	 Hufflepuffs	 bent	 closer,	 and
Harry	edged	nearer	so	that	he	could	catch	Ernie’s	words.
