=== PDF page 444 ===
was	on	casters	and	that	he	had	shouted	stupidly	at	the	snake,	“Leave	him
alone!”	And	miraculously	—	inexplicably	—	the	snake	slumped	to	the	floor,
docile	as	a	thick,	black	garden	hose,	its	eyes	now	on	Harry.	Harry	felt	the	fear
drain	out	of	him.	He	knew	the	snake	wouldn’t	attack	anyone	now,	though	how
he	knew	it,	he	couldn’t	have	explained.
He	looked	up	at	Justin,	grinning,	expecting	to	see	Justin	looking	relieved,
or	puzzled,	or	even	grateful	—	but	certainly	not	angry	and	scared.
“What	do	you	think	you’re	playing	at?”	he	shouted,	and	before	Harry	could
say	anything,	Justin	had	turned	and	stormed	out	of	the	hall.
Snape	stepped	forward,	waved	his	wand,	and	the	snake	vanished	in	a	small
puff	of	black	smoke.	Snape,	too,	was	looking	at	Harry	in	an	unexpected	way:
It	was	a	shrewd	and	calculating	look,	and	Harry	didn’t	like	it.	He	was	also
dimly	aware	of	an	ominous	muttering	all	around	the	walls.	Then	he	felt	a
tugging	on	the	back	of	his	robes.
“Come	on,”	said	Ron’s	voice	in	his	ear.	“Move	—	come	
on
	—”
Ron	steered	him	out	of	the	hall,	Hermione	hurrying	alongside	them.	As
they	went	through	the	doors,	the	people	on	either	side	drew	away	as	though
they	were	frightened	of	catching	something.	Harry	didn’t	have	a	clue	what
was	going	on,	and	neither	Ron	nor	Hermione	explained	anything	until	they
had	dragged	him	all	the	way	up	to	the	empty	Gryffindor	common	room.	Then
Ron	pushed	Harry	into	an	armchair	and	said,	“You’re	a	Parselmouth.	Why
didn’t	you	tell	us?”
“I’m	a	what?”	said	Harry.
“A	Parselmouth!”
	said	Ron.	“You	can	talk	to	snakes!”
“I	know,”	said	Harry.	“I	mean,	that’s	only	the	second	time	I’ve	ever	done	it.
I	accidentally	set	a	boa	constrictor	on	my	cousin	Dudley	at	the	zoo	once	—
long	story	—	but	it	was	telling	me	it	had	never	seen	Brazil	and	I	sort	of	set	it
free	without	meaning	to	—	that	was	before	I	knew	I	was	a	wizard	—”
“A	boa	constrictor	told	you	it	had	never	seen	Brazil?”	Ron	repeated	faintly.
“So?”	said	Harry.	“I	bet	loads	of	people	here	can	do	it.”
