=== PDF page 430 ===
He	blew	his	nose	on	a	corner	of	the	filthy	pillowcase	he	wore,	looking	so
pathetic	that	Harry	felt	his	anger	ebb	away	in	spite	of	himself.
“Why	d’you	wear	that	thing,	Dobby?”	he	asked	curiously.
“This,	sir?”	said	Dobby,	plucking	at	the	pillowcase.	“’Tis	a	mark	of	the
house-elf’s	enslavement,	sir.	Dobby	can	only	be	freed	if	his	masters	present
him	with	clothes,	sir.	The	family	is	careful	not	to	pass	Dobby	even	a	sock,	sir,
for	then	he	would	be	free	to	leave	their	house	forever.”
Dobby	mopped	his	bulging	eyes	and	said	suddenly,	“Harry	Potter	
must
	go
home!	Dobby	thought	his	Bludger	would	be	enough	to	make	—”
“
Your
	Bludger?”	said	Harry,	anger	rising	once	more.	“What	d’you	mean,
your
	Bludger?	
You
	made	that	Bludger	try	and	kill	me?”
“Not	kill	you,	sir,	never	kill	you!”	said	Dobby,	shocked.	“Dobby	wants	to
save	Harry	Potter’s	life!	Better	sent	home,	grievously	injured,	than	remain
here,	sir!	Dobby	only	wanted	Harry	Potter	hurt	enough	to	be	sent	home!”
“Oh,	is	that	all?”	said	Harry	angrily.	“I	don’t	suppose	you’re	going	to	tell
me	
why	
you	wanted	me	sent	home	in	pieces?”
“Ah,	if	Harry	Potter	only	knew!”	Dobby	groaned,	more	tears	dripping	onto
his	ragged	pillowcase.	“If	he	knew	what	he	means	to	us,	to	the	lowly,	the
enslaved,	we	dregs	of	the	magical	world!	Dobby	remembers	how	it	was	when
He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named	was	at	the	height	of	his	powers,	sir!	We	house-
elves	were	treated	like	vermin,	sir!	Of	course,	Dobby	is	still	treated	like	that,
sir,”	he	admitted,	drying	his	face	on	the	pillowcase.	“But	mostly,	sir,	life	has
improved	 for	 my	 kind	 since	 you	 triumphed	 over	 He-Who-Must-Not-Be-
Named.	Harry	Potter	survived,	and	the	Dark	Lord’s	power	was	broken,	and	it
was	a	new	dawn,	sir,	and	Harry	Potter	shone	like	a	beacon	of	hope	for	those
of	us	who	thought	the	dark	days	would	never	end,	sir.	.	.	.	And	now,	at
Hogwarts,	terrible	things	are	to	happen,	are	perhaps	happening	already,	and
Dobby	cannot	let	Harry	Potter	stay	here	now	that	history	is	to	repeat	itself,
now	that	the	Chamber	of	Secrets	is	open	once	more	—”
Dobby	froze,	horrorstruck,	then	grabbed	Harry’s	water	jug	from	his	bedside
table	and	cracked	it	over	his	own	head,	toppling	out	of	sight.	A	second	later,
