=== PDF page 425 ===
the	crowd;	he	knew	he	must	look	very	stupid,	but	the	rogue	Bludger	was
heavy	and	couldn’t	change	direction	as	quickly	as	Harry	could;	he	began	a
kind	of	roller-coaster	ride	around	the	edges	of	the	stadium,	squinting	through
the	silver	sheets	of	rain	to	the	Gryffindor	goalposts,	where	Adrian	Pucey	was
trying	to	get	past	Wood	—
A	whistling	in	Harry’s	ear	told	him	the	Bludger	had	just	missed	him	again;
he	turned	right	over	and	sped	in	the	opposite	direction.
“Training	for	the	ballet,	Potter?”	yelled	Malfoy	as	Harry	was	forced	to	do	a
stupid	kind	of	twirl	in	midair	to	dodge	the	Bludger,	and	he	fled,	the	Bludger
trailing	a	few	feet	behind	him;	and	then,	glaring	back	at	Malfoy	in	hatred,	he
saw	it	—	
the	Golden	Snitch.
	It	was	hovering	inches	above	Malfoy’s	left	ear	—
and	Malfoy,	busy	laughing	at	Harry,	hadn’t	seen	it.
For	 an	 agonizing	 moment,	 Harry	 hung	 in	 midair,	 not	 daring	 to	 speed
toward	Malfoy	in	case	he	looked	up	and	saw	the	Snitch.
WHAM.
He	had	stayed	still	a	second	too	long.	The	Bludger	had	hit	him	at	last,
smashed	into	his	elbow,	and	Harry	felt	his	arm	break.	Dimly,	dazed	by	the
searing	pain	in	his	arm,	he	slid	sideways	on	his	rain-drenched	broom,	one
knee	still	crooked	over	it,	his	right	arm	dangling	useless	at	his	side	—	the
Bludger	came	pelting	back	for	a	second	attack,	this	time	aiming	at	his	face	—
Harry	swerved	out	of	the	way,	one	idea	firmly	lodged	in	his	numb	brain:	
get
to	Malfoy.
Through	a	haze	of	rain	and	pain	he	dived	for	the	shimmering,	sneering	face
below	him	and	saw	its	eyes	widen	with	fear:	Malfoy	thought	Harry	was
attacking	him.
“What	the	—”	he	gasped,	careening	out	of	Harry’s	way.
Harry	took	his	remaining	hand	off	his	broom	and	made	a	wild	snatch;	he
felt	his	fingers	close	on	the	cold	Snitch	but	was	now	only	gripping	the	broom
with	his	legs,	and	there	was	a	yell	from	the	crowd	below	as	he	headed	straight
for	the	ground,	trying	hard	not	to	pass	out.
With	a	splattering	thud	he	hit	the	mud	and	rolled	off	his	broom.	His	arm
