=== PDF page 423 ===
He	could	hear	the	Bludger	whistling	along	behind	him.	What	was	going	on?
Bludgers	never	concentrated	on	one	player	like	this;	it	was	their	job	to	try	and
unseat	as	many	people	as	possible.	.	.	.
Fred	Weasley	was	waiting	for	the	Bludger	at	the	other	end.	Harry	ducked	as
Fred	swung	at	the	Bludger	with	all	his	might;	the	Bludger	was	knocked	off
course.
“Gotcha!”	 Fred	 yelled	 happily,	 but	 he	 was	 wrong;	 as	 though	 it	 was
magnetically	attracted	to	Harry,	the	Bludger	pelted	after	him	once	more	and
Harry	was	forced	to	fly	off	at	full	speed.
It	had	started	to	rain;	Harry	felt	heavy	drops	fall	onto	his	face,	splattering
onto	his	glasses.	He	didn’t	have	a	clue	what	was	going	on	in	the	rest	of	the
game	until	he	heard	Lee	Jordan,	who	was	commentating,	say,	“Slytherin	lead,
sixty	points	to	zero	—”
The	 Slytherins’	 superior	 brooms	 were	 clearly	 doing	 their	 jobs,	 and
meanwhile	the	mad	Bludger	was	doing	all	it	could	to	knock	Harry	out	of	the
air.	Fred	and	George	were	now	flying	so	close	to	him	on	either	side	that	Harry
could	see	nothing	at	all	except	their	flailing	arms	and	had	no	chance	to	look
for	the	Snitch,	let	alone	catch	it.
“Someone’s	—	tampered	—	with	—	this	—	Bludger	—”	Fred	grunted,
swinging	his	bat	with	all	his	might	at	it	as	it	launched	a	new	attack	on	Harry.
“We	need	time	out,”	said	George,	trying	to	signal	to	Wood	and	stop	the
Bludger	breaking	Harry’s	nose	at	the	same	time.
Wood	had	obviously	got	the	message.	Madam	Hooch’s	whistle	rang	out
and	Harry,	Fred,	and	George	dived	for	the	ground,	still	trying	to	avoid	the
mad	Bludger.
“What’s	going	on?”	said	Wood	as	the	Gryffindor	team	huddled	together,
while	Slytherins	in	the	crowd	jeered.	“We’re	being	flattened.	Fred,	George,
where	were	you	when	that	Bludger	stopped	Angelina	scoring?”
“We	 were	 twenty	 feet	 above	 her,	 stopping	 the	 other	 Bludger	 from
murdering	 Harry,	 Oliver,”	 said	 George	 angrily.	 “Someone’s	 fixed	 it	 —	 it
won’t	 leave	 Harry	 alone.	 It	 hasn’t	 gone	 for	 anyone	 else	 all	 game.	 The
