=== PDF page 418 ===
“Homework	—	compose	a	poem	about	my	defeat	of	the	Wagga	Wagga
Werewolf!	Signed	copies	of	
Magical	Me
	to	the	author	of	the	best	one!”
The	class	began	to	leave.	Harry	returned	to	the	back	of	the	room,	where
Ron	and	Hermione	were	waiting.
“Ready?”	Harry	muttered.
“Wait	till	everyone’s	gone,”	said	Hermione	nervously.	“All	right	.	.	.”
She	approached	Lockhart’s	desk,	a	piece	of	paper	clutched	tightly	in	her
hand,	Harry	and	Ron	right	behind	her.
“Er	—	Professor	Lockhart?”	Hermione	stammered.	“I	wanted	to	—	to	get
this	book	out	of	the	library.	Just	for	background	reading.”	She	held	out	the
piece	 of	 paper,	 her	 hand	 shaking	 slightly.	 “But	 the	 thing	 is,	 it’s	 in	 the
Restricted	Section	of	the	library,	so	I	need	a	teacher	to	sign	for	it	—	I’m	sure
it	would	help	me	understand	what	you	say	in	
Gadding	with	Ghouls
	about
slow-acting	venoms	—”
“Ah,	
Gadding	with	Ghouls
!”	said	Lockhart,	taking	the	note	from	Hermione
and	smiling	widely	at	her.	“Possibly	my	very	favorite	book.	You	enjoyed	it?”
“Oh,	yes,”	said	Hermione	eagerly.	“So	clever,	the	way	you	trapped	that	last
one	with	the	tea-strainer	—”
“Well,	I’m	sure	no	one	will	mind	me	giving	the	best	student	of	the	year	a
little	 extra	 help,”	 said	 Lockhart	 warmly,	 and	 he	 pulled	 out	 an	 enormous
peacock	quill.	“Yes,	nice,	isn’t	it?”	he	said,	misreading	the	revolted	look	on
Ron’s	face.	“I	usually	save	it	for	book	signings.”
He	scrawled	an	enormous	loopy	signature	on	the	note	and	handed	it	back	to
Hermione.
“So,	Harry,”	said	Lockhart,	while	Hermione	folded	the	note	with	fumbling
fingers	and	slipped	it	into	her	bag.	“Tomorrow’s	the	first	Quidditch	match	of
the	season,	I	believe?	Gryffindor	against	Slytherin,	is	it	not?	I	hear	you’re	a
useful	player.	I	was	a	Seeker,	too.	I	was	asked	to	try	for	the	National	Squad,
but	preferred	to	dedicate	my	life	to	the	eradication	of	the	Dark	Forces.	Still,	if
ever	 you	 feel	 the	 need	 for	 a	 little	 private	 training,	 don’t	 hesitate	 to	 ask.
Always	happy	to	pass	on	my	expertise	to	less	able	players.	.	.	.”
