Harry	stood	rooted	to	the	spot	as	Filch	and	Snape	came	around	the	corner
ahead.	They	couldn’t	see	him,	of	course,	but	it	was	a	narrow	corridor	and	if
they	came	much	nearer	they’d	knock	right	into	him	—	the	Cloak	didn’t	stop
him	from	being	solid.
He	backed	away	as	quietly	as	he	could.	A	door	stood	ajar	to	his	left.	It	was
his	only	hope.	He	squeezed	through	it,	holding	his	breath,	trying	not	to	move
it,	and	to	his	relief	he	managed	to	get	inside	the	room	without	their	noticing
anything.	 They	 walked	 straight	 past,	 and	 Harry	 leaned	 against	 the	 wall,
breathing	deeply,	listening	to	their	footsteps	dying	away.	That	had	been	close,
very	close.	It	was	a	few	seconds	before	he	noticed	anything	about	the	room	he
had	hidden	in.
It	looked	like	an	unused	classroom.	The	dark	shapes	of	desks	and	chairs
were	piled	against	the	walls,	and	there	was	an	upturned	wastepaper	basket	—
but	propped	against	the	wall	facing	him	was	something	that	didn’t	look	as	if	it
belonged	there,	something	that	looked	as	if	someone	had	just	put	it	there	to
keep	it	out	of	the	way.
It	was	a	magnificent	mirror,	as	high	as	the	ceiling,	with	an	ornate	gold
frame,	standing	on	two	clawed	feet.	There	was	an	inscription	carved	around
the	top:	
Erised	stra	ehru	oyt	ube	cafru	oyt	on	wohsi.
His	panic	fading	now	that	there	was	no	sound	of	Filch	and	Snape,	Harry
moved	nearer	to	the	mirror,	wanting	to	look	at	himself	but	see	no	reflection
again.	He	stepped	in	front	of	it.
He	had	to	clap	his	hands	to	his	mouth	to	stop	himself	from	screaming.	He
whirled	around.	His	heart	was	pounding	far	more	furiously	than	when	the
book	had	screamed	—	for	he	had	seen	not	only	himself	in	the	mirror,	but	a
whole	crowd	of	people	standing	right	behind	him.
But	the	room	was	empty.	Breathing	very	fast,	he	turned	slowly	back	to	the
mirror.
There	he	was,	reflected	in	it,	white	and	scared-looking,	and	there,	reflected
behind	him,	were	at	least	ten	others.	Harry	looked	over	his	shoulder	—	but
still,	no	one	was	there.	Or	were	they	all	invisible,	too?	Was	he	in	fact	in	a
room	full	of	invisible	people	and	this	mirror’s	trick	was	that	it	reflected	them,