The	 Restricted	 Section	 was	 right	 at	 the	 back	 of	 the	 library.	 Stepping
carefully	over	the	rope	that	separated	these	books	from	the	rest	of	the	library,
he	held	up	his	lamp	to	read	the	titles.
They	didn’t	tell	him	much.	Their	peeling,	faded	gold	letters	spelled	words
in	languages	Harry	couldn’t	understand.	Some	had	no	title	at	all.	One	book
had	a	dark	stain	on	it	that	looked	horribly	like	blood.	The	hairs	on	the	back	of
Harry’s	neck	prickled.	Maybe	he	was	imagining	it,	maybe	not,	but	he	thought
a	faint	whispering	was	coming	from	the	books,	as	though	they	knew	someone
was	there	who	shouldn’t	be.
He	had	to	start	somewhere.	Setting	the	lamp	down	carefully	on	the	floor,	he
looked	along	the	bottom	shelf	for	an	interesting-looking	book.	A	large	black
and	silver	volume	caught	his	eye.	He	pulled	it	out	with	difficulty,	because	it
was	very	heavy,	and,	balancing	it	on	his	knee,	let	it	fall	open.
A	 piercing,	 bloodcurdling	 shriek	 split	 the	 silence	 —	 the	 book	 was
screaming!	Harry	snapped	it	shut,	but	the	shriek	went	on	and	on,	one	high,
unbroken,	earsplitting	note.	He	stumbled	backward	and	knocked	over	his
lamp,	which	went	out	at	once.	Panicking,	he	heard	footsteps	coming	down	the
corridor	outside	—	stuffing	the	shrieking	book	back	on	the	shelf,	he	ran	for	it.
He	 passed	 Filch	 in	 the	 doorway;	 Filch’s	 pale,	 wild	 eyes	 looked	 straight
through	him,	and	Harry	slipped	under	Filch’s	outstretched	arm	and	streaked
off	up	the	corridor,	the	book’s	shrieks	still	ringing	in	his	ears.
He	came	to	a	sudden	halt	in	front	of	a	tall	suit	of	armor.	He	had	been	so
busy	getting	away	from	the	library,	he	hadn’t	paid	attention	to	where	he	was
going.	Perhaps	because	it	was	dark,	he	didn’t	recognize	where	he	was	at	all.
There	was	a	suit	of	armor	near	the	kitchens,	he	knew,	but	he	must	be	five
floors	above	there.
“You	asked	me	to	come	directly	to	you,	Professor,	if	anyone	was	wandering
around	at	night,	and	somebody’s	been	in	the	library	—	Restricted	Section.”
Harry	felt	the	blood	drain	out	of	his	face.	Wherever	he	was,	Filch	must
know	a	shortcut,	because	his	soft,	greasy	voice	was	getting	nearer,	and	to	his
horror,	it	was	Snape	who	replied,	“The	Restricted	Section?	Well,	they	can’t	be
far,	we’ll	catch	them.”