=== PDF page 599 ===
Hedwig	gone,	he	had	no	means	of	contacting	them.
He	didn’t	have	any	Muggle	money,	either.	There	was	a	little	wizard	gold	in
the	money	bag	at	the	bottom	of	his	trunk,	but	the	rest	of	the	fortune	his
parents	had	left	him	was	stored	in	a	vault	at	Gringotts	Wizarding	Bank	in
London.	 He’d	 never	 be	 able	 to	 drag	 his	 trunk	 all	 the	 way	 to	 London.
Unless	.	.	.
He	looked	down	at	his	wand,	which	he	was	still	clutching	in	his	hand.	If	he
was	already	expelled	(his	heart	was	now	thumping	painfully	fast),	a	bit	more
magic	couldn’t	hurt.	He	had	the	Invisibility	Cloak	he	had	inherited	from	his
father	—	what	if	he	bewitched	the	trunk	to	make	it	feather-light,	tied	it	to	his
broomstick,	covered	himself	in	the	cloak,	and	flew	to	London?	Then	he	could
get	the	rest	of	his	money	out	of	his	vault	and	.	.	.	begin	his	life	as	an	outcast.	It
was	a	horrible	prospect,	but	he	couldn’t	sit	on	this	wall	forever,	or	he’d	find
himself	trying	to	explain	to	Muggle	police	why	he	was	out	in	the	dead	of
night	with	a	trunkful	of	spellbooks	and	a	broomstick.
Harry	opened	his	trunk	again	and	pushed	the	contents	aside,	looking	for	the
Invisibility	Cloak	—	but	before	he	had	found	it,	he	straightened	up	suddenly,
looking	around	him	once	more.
A	funny	prickling	on	the	back	of	his	neck	had	made	Harry	feel	he	was
being	watched,	but	the	street	appeared	to	be	deserted,	and	no	lights	shone
from	any	of	the	large	square	houses.
He	bent	over	his	trunk	again,	but	almost	immediately	stood	up	once	more,
his	hand	clenched	on	his	wand.	He	had	sensed	rather	than	heard	it:	Someone
or	something	was	standing	in	the	narrow	gap	between	the	garage	and	the
fence	behind	him.	Harry	squinted	at	the	black	alleyway.	If	only	it	would
move,	then	he’d	know	whether	it	was	just	a	stray	cat	or	—	something	else.
“
Lumos,”
	Harry	muttered,	and	a	light	appeared	at	the	end	of	his	wand,
almost	dazzling	him.	He	held	it	high	over	his	head,	and	the	pebble-dashed
walls	 of	 number	 two	 suddenly	 sparkled;	 the	 garage	 door	 gleamed,	 and
between	them	Harry	saw,	quite	distinctly,	the	hulking	outline	of	something
very	big,	with	wide,	gleaming	eyes.
Harry	stepped	backward.	His	legs	hit	his	trunk	and	he	tripped.	His	wand
