=== PDF page 614 ===
showing	one	another	their	purchases	(“It’s	a	lunascope,	old	boy	—	no	more
messing	around	with	moon	charts,	see?”)	or	else	discussing	the	case	of	Sirius
Black	(“Personally,	I	won’t	let	any	of	the	children	out	alone	until	he’s	back	in
Azkaban”).	Harry	didn’t	have	to	do	his	homework	under	the	blankets	by
flashlight	anymore;	now	he	could	sit	in	the	bright	sunshine	outside	Florean
Fortescue’s	Ice	Cream	Parlor,	finishing	all	his	essays	with	occasional	help
from	Florean	Fortescue	himself,	who,	apart	from	knowing	a	great	deal	about
medieval	witch	burnings,	gave	Harry	free	sundaes	every	half	an	hour.
Once	Harry	had	refilled	his	money	bag	with	gold	Galleons,	silver	Sickles,
and	bronze	Knuts	from	his	vault	at	Gringotts,	he	had	to	exercise	a	lot	of	self-
control	not	to	spend	the	whole	lot	at	once.	He	had	to	keep	reminding	himself
that	he	had	five	years	to	go	at	Hogwarts,	and	how	it	would	feel	to	ask	the
Dursleys	for	money	for	spellbooks,	to	stop	himself	from	buying	a	handsome
set	of	solid	gold	Gobstones	(a	Wizarding	game	rather	like	marbles,	in	which
the	stones	squirt	a	nasty-smelling	liquid	into	the	other	player’s	face	when	they
lose	a	point).	He	was	sorely	tempted,	too,	by	the	perfect,	moving	model	of	the
galaxy	in	a	large	glass	ball,	which	would	have	meant	he	never	had	to	take
another	Astronomy	lesson.	But	the	thing	that	tested	Harry’s	resolution	most
appeared	in	his	favorite	shop,	Quality	Quidditch	Supplies,	a	week	after	he’d
arrived	at	the	Leaky	Cauldron.
Curious	to	know	what	the	crowd	in	the	shop	was	staring	at,	Harry	edged	his
way	inside	and	squeezed	in	among	the	excited	witches	and	wizards	until	he
glimpsed	 a	 newly	 erected	 podium,	 on	 which	 was	 mounted	 the	 most
magnificent	broom	he	had	ever	seen	in	his	life.
“Just	come	out	—	prototype	—”	a	square-jawed	wizard	was	telling	his
companion.
“It’s	the	fastest	broom	in	the	world,	isn’t	it,	Dad?”	squeaked	a	boy	younger
than	Harry,	who	was	swinging	off	his	father’s	arm.
“Irish	International	Side’s	just	put	in	an	order	for	seven	of	these	beauties!”
the	proprietor	of	the	shop	told	the	crowd.	“And	they’re	favorites	for	the	World
Cup!”
A	large	witch	in	front	of	Harry	moved,	and	he	was	able	to	read	the	sign
