=== PDF page 615 ===
next	to	the	broom:
THE	FIREBOLT
This	state-of-the-art	racing	broom	sports	a	streamlined,	superfine	handle
of	ash,	treated	with	a	diamond-hard	polish	and	hand-numbered	with	its
own	registration	number.	Each	individually	selected	birch	twig	in	the
broomtail	has	been	honed	to	aerodynamic	perfection,	giving	the	Firebolt
unsurpassable	 balance	 and	 pinpoint	 precision.	 The	 Firebolt	 has	 an
acceleration	of	150	miles	an	hour	in	ten	seconds	and	incorporates	an
unbreakable	Braking	Charm.	Price	on	request.
Price	on	request	.	.	.	Harry	didn’t	like	to	think	how	much	gold	the	Firebolt
would	cost.	He	had	never	wanted	anything	as	much	in	his	whole	life	—	but	he
had	never	lost	a	Quidditch	match	on	his	Nimbus	Two	Thousand,	and	what
was	the	point	in	emptying	his	Gringotts	vault	for	the	Firebolt,	when	he	had	a
very	good	broom	already?	Harry	didn’t	ask	for	the	price,	but	he	returned,
almost	every	day	after	that,	just	to	look	at	the	Firebolt.
There	were,	however,	things	that	Harry	needed	to	buy.	He	went	to	the
Apothecary	to	replenish	his	store	of	potions	ingredients,	and	as	his	school
robes	were	now	several	inches	too	short	in	the	arm	and	leg,	he	visited	Madam
Malkin’s	Robes	for	All	Occasions	and	bought	new	ones.	Most	important	of
all,	he	had	to	buy	his	new	schoolbooks,	which	would	include	those	for	his	two
new	subjects,	Care	of	Magical	Creatures	and	Divination.
Harry	got	a	surprise	as	he	looked	in	at	the	bookshop	window.	Instead	of	the
usual	display	of	gold-embossed	spellbooks	the	size	of	paving	slabs,	there	was
a	large	iron	cage	behind	the	glass	that	held	about	a	hundred	copies	of	
The
Monster	Book	of	Monsters.
	Torn	pages	were	flying	everywhere	as	the	books
grappled	with	each	other,	locked	together	in	furious	wrestling	matches	and
snapping	aggressively.
Harry	pulled	his	booklist	out	of	his	pocket	and	consulted	it	for	the	first
time.	
The	Monster	Book	of	Monsters
	was	listed	as	the	required	book	for	Care
of	Magical	Creatures.	Now	Harry	understood	why	Hagrid	had	said	it	would
come	in	useful.	He	felt	relieved;	he	had	been	wondering	whether	Hagrid
wanted	help	with	some	terrifying	new	pet.
