=== PDF page 491 ===
“It	could	affect	our	whole	future,”	she	told	Harry	and	Ron	as	they	pored
over	lists	of	new	subjects,	marking	them	with	checks.
“I	just	want	to	give	up	Potions,”	said	Harry.
“We	can’t,”	said	Ron	gloomily.	“We	keep	all	our	old	subjects,	or	I’d’ve
ditched	Defense	Against	the	Dark	Arts.”
“But	that’s	very	important!”	said	Hermione,	shocked.
“Not	the	way	Lockhart	teaches	it,”	said	Ron.	“I	haven’t	learned	anything
from	him	except	not	to	set	pixies	loose.”
Neville	Longbottom	had	been	sent	letters	from	all	the	witches	and	wizards
in	his	family,	all	giving	him	different	advice	on	what	to	choose.	Confused	and
worried,	he	sat	reading	the	subject	lists	with	his	tongue	poking	out,	asking
people	whether	they	thought	Arithmancy	sounded	more	difficult	than	Study
of	 Ancient	 Runes.	 Dean	 Thomas,	 who,	 like	 Harry,	 had	 grown	 up	 with
Muggles,	ended	up	closing	his	eyes	and	jabbing	his	wand	at	the	list,	then
picking	the	subjects	it	landed	on.	Hermione	took	nobody’s	advice	but	signed
up	for	everything.
Harry	smiled	grimly	to	himself	at	the	thought	of	what	Uncle	Vernon	and
Aunt	Petunia	would	say	if	he	tried	to	discuss	his	career	in	wizardry	with	them.
Not	that	he	didn’t	get	any	guidance:	Percy	Weasley	was	eager	to	share	his
experience.
“Depends	where	you	want	to	
go
,	Harry,”	he	said.	“It’s	never	too	early	to
think	about	the	future,	so	I’d	recommend	Divination.	People	say	Muggle
Studies	is	a	soft	option,	but	I	personally	think	wizards	should	have	a	thorough
understanding	of	the	non-magical	community,	particularly	if	they’re	thinking
of	working	in	close	contact	with	them	—	look	at	my	father,	he	has	to	deal
with	Muggle	business	all	the	time.	My	brother	Charlie	was	always	more	of	an
outdoor	 type,	 so	 he	 went	 for	 Care	 of	 Magical	 Creatures.	 Play	 to	 your
strengths,	Harry.”
But	the	only	thing	Harry	felt	he	was	really	good	at	was	Quidditch.	In	the
end,	he	chose	the	same	new	subjects	as	Ron,	feeling	that	if	he	was	lousy	at
them,	at	least	he’d	have	someone	friendly	to	help	him.
