=== PDF page 496 ===
heavily.	“I	need	to	address	the	students	in	any	case.”
“All	students	will	return	to	their	House	common	rooms	by	six	o’clock	in	the
evening.	No	student	is	to	leave	the	dormitories	after	that	time.	You	will	be
escorted	 to	 each	 lesson	 by	 a	 teacher.	 No	 student	 is	 to	 use	 the	 bathroom
unaccompanied	by	a	teacher.	All	further	Quidditch	training	and	matches	are
to	be	postponed.	There	will	be	no	more	evening	activities.”
The	Gryffindors	packed	inside	the	common	room	listened	to	Professor
McGonagall	in	silence.	She	rolled	up	the	parchment	from	which	she	had	been
reading	and	said	in	a	somewhat	choked	voice,	“I	need	hardly	add	that	I	have
rarely	been	so	distressed.	It	is	likely	that	the	school	will	be	closed	unless	the
culprit	behind	these	attacks	is	caught.	I	would	urge	anyone	who	thinks	they
might	know	anything	about	them	to	come	forward.”
She	 climbed	 somewhat	 awkwardly	 out	 of	 the	 portrait	 hole,	 and	 the
Gryffindors	began	talking	immediately.
“That’s	 two	 Gryffindors	 down,	 not	 counting	 a	 Gryffindor	 ghost,	 one
Ravenclaw,	and	one	Hufflepuff,”	said	the	Weasley	twins’	friend	Lee	Jordan,
counting	 on	 his	 fingers.	 “Haven’t	
any
	 of	 the	 teachers	 noticed	 that	 the
Slytherins	are	all	safe?	Isn’t	it	
obvious
	all	this	stuff’s	coming	from	Slytherin?
The	
Heir
	of	Slytherin,	the	
monster
	of	Slytherin	—	why	don’t	they	just	chuck
all	the	Slytherins	out?”	he	roared,	to	nods	and	scattered	applause.
Percy	Weasley	was	sitting	in	a	chair	behind	Lee,	but	for	once	he	didn’t
seem	keen	to	make	his	views	heard.	He	was	looking	pale	and	stunned.
“Percy’s	in	shock,”	George	told	Harry	quietly.	“That	Ravenclaw	girl	—
Penelope	Clearwater	—	she’s	a	prefect.	I	don’t	think	he	thought	the	monster
would	dare	attack	a	
prefect
.”
But	Harry	was	only	half-listening.	He	didn’t	seem	to	be	able	to	get	rid	of
the	picture	of	Hermione,	lying	on	the	hospital	bed	as	though	carved	out	of
stone.	And	if	the	culprit	wasn’t	caught	soon,	he	was	looking	at	a	lifetime	back
with	the	Dursleys.	Tom	Riddle	had	turned	Hagrid	in	because	he	was	faced
with	the	prospect	of	a	Muggle	orphanage	if	the	school	closed.	Harry	now
knew	exactly	how	he	had	felt.
