=== PDF page 459 ===
had	bought	him	a	luxury	eagle-feather	quill.	Harry	opened	the	last	present	to
find	a	new,	hand-knitted	sweater	from	Mrs.	Weasley	and	a	large	plum	cake.
He	read	her	card	with	a	fresh	surge	of	guilt,	thinking	about	Mr.	Weasley’s	car
(which	hadn’t	been	seen	since	its	crash	with	the	Whomping	Willow),	and	the
bout	of	rule-breaking	he	and	Ron	were	planning	next.
No	one,	not	even	someone	dreading	taking	Polyjuice	Potion	later,	could	fail	to
enjoy	Christmas	dinner	at	Hogwarts.
The	Great	Hall	looked	magnificent.	Not	only	were	there	a	dozen	frost-
covered	 Christmas	 trees	 and	 thick	 streamers	 of	 holly	 and	 mistletoe
crisscrossing	the	ceiling,	but	enchanted	snow	was	falling,	warm	and	dry,	from
the	ceiling.	Dumbledore	led	them	in	a	few	of	his	favorite	carols,	Hagrid
booming	more	and	more	loudly	with	every	goblet	of	eggnog	he	consumed.
Percy,	who	hadn’t	noticed	that	Fred	had	bewitched	his	prefect	badge	so	that	it
now	read	“Pinhead,”	kept	asking	them	all	what	they	were	sniggering	at.	Harry
didn’t	even	care	that	Draco	Malfoy	was	making	loud,	snide	remarks	about	his
new	sweater	from	the	Slytherin	table.	With	a	bit	of	luck,	Malfoy	would	be
getting	his	comeuppance	in	a	few	hours’	time.
Harry	 and	 Ron	 had	 barely	 finished	 their	 third	 helpings	 of	 Christmas
pudding	when	Hermione	ushered	them	out	of	the	hall	to	finalize	their	plans
for	the	evening.
“We	still	need	a	bit	of	the	people	you’re	changing	into,”	said	Hermione
matter-of-factly,	as	though	she	were	sending	them	to	the	supermarket	for
laundry	detergent.	“And	obviously,	it’ll	be	best	if	you	can	get	something	of
Crabbe’s	and	Goyle’s;	they’re	Malfoy’s	best	friends,	he’ll	tell	them	anything.
And	we	also	need	to	make	sure	the	real	Crabbe	and	Goyle	can’t	burst	in	on	us
while	we’re	interrogating	him.
“I’ve	got	it	all	worked	out,”	she	went	on	smoothly,	ignoring	Harry’s	and
Ron’s	stupefied	faces.	She	held	up	two	plump	chocolate	cakes.	“I’ve	filled
these	with	a	simple	Sleeping	Draught.	All	you	have	to	do	is	make	sure	Crabbe
and	Goyle	find	them.	You	know	how	greedy	they	are,	they’re	bound	to	eat
them.	Once	they’re	asleep,	pull	out	a	few	of	their	hairs	and	hide	them	in	a
broom	closet.”
