=== PDF page 469 ===
“Azkaban?”	said	Harry,	puzzled.
“Azkaban	—	
the	wizard	prison,
	Goyle,”	said	Malfoy,	looking	at	him	in
disbelief.	“Honestly,	if	you	were	any	slower,	you’d	be	going	backward.”
He	shifted	restlessly	in	his	chair	and	said,	“Father	says	to	keep	my	head
down	and	let	the	Heir	of	Slytherin	get	on	with	it.	He	says	the	school	needs
ridding	of	all	the	Mudblood	filth,	but	not	to	get	mixed	up	in	it.	Of	course,	he’s
got	a	lot	on	his	plate	at	the	moment.	You	know	the	Ministry	of	Magic	raided
our	manor	last	week?”
Harry	tried	to	force	Goyle’s	dull	face	into	a	look	of	concern.
“Yeah	.	.	.”	said	Malfoy.	“Luckily,	they	didn’t	find	much.	Father’s	got	some
very
	valuable	Dark	Arts	stuff.	But	luckily,	we’ve	got	our	own	secret	chamber
under	the	drawing-room	floor	—”
“Ho!”	said	Ron.
Malfoy	 looked	 at	 him.	 So	 did	 Harry.	 Ron	 blushed.	 Even	 his	 hair	 was
turning	red.	His	nose	was	also	slowly	lengthening	—	their	hour	was	up,	Ron
was	turning	back	into	himself,	and	from	the	look	of	horror	he	was	suddenly
giving	Harry,	he	must	be,	too.
They	both	jumped	to	their	feet.
“Medicine	for	my	stomach,”	Ron	grunted,	and	without	further	ado	they
sprinted	the	length	of	the	Slytherin	common	room,	hurled	themselves	at	the
stone	 wall,	 and	 dashed	 up	 the	 passage,	 hoping	 against	 hope	 that	 Malfoy
hadn’t	noticed	anything.	Harry	could	feel	his	feet	slipping	around	in	Goyle’s
huge	shoes	and	had	to	hoist	up	his	robes	as	he	shrank;	they	crashed	up	the
steps	 into	 the	 dark	 entrance	 hall,	 which	 was	 full	 of	 a	 muffled	 pounding
coming	from	the	closet	where	they’d	locked	Crabbe	and	Goyle.	Leaving	their
shoes	 outside	 the	 closet	 door,	 they	 sprinted	 in	 their	 socks	 up	 the	 marble
staircase	toward	Moaning	Myrtle’s	bathroom.
“Well,	 it	 wasn’t	 a	 complete	 waste	 of	 time,”	 Ron	 panted,	 closing	 the
bathroom	door	behind	them.	“I	know	we	still	haven’t	found	out	who’s	doing
the	attacks,	but	I’m	going	to	write	to	Dad	tomorrow	and	tell	him	to	check
under	the	Malfoys’	drawing	room.”
