=== PDF page 822 ===
and	see	Professor	Flitwick	and	say	sorry.	.	.	.	I’ll	see	you	in	Divination!”
Hermione	joined	them	at	the	foot	of	the	ladder	to	Professor	Trelawney’s
classroom	twenty	minutes	later,	looking	extremely	harrassed.
“I	can’t	believe	I	missed	Cheering	Charms!	And	I	bet	they	come	up	in	our
exams;	Professor	Flitwick	hinted	they	might!”
Together	 they	 climbed	 the	 ladder	 into	 the	 dim,	 stifling	 tower	 room.
Glowing	on	every	little	table	was	a	crystal	ball	full	of	pearly	white	mist.
Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	sat	down	together	at	the	same	rickety	table.
“I	thought	we	weren’t	starting	crystal	balls	until	next	term,”	Ron	muttered,
casting	a	wary	eye	around	for	Professor	Trelawney,	in	case	she	was	lurking
nearby.
“Don’t	complain,	this	means	we’ve	finished	palmistry,”	Harry	muttered
back.	“I	was	getting	sick	of	her	flinching	every	time	she	looked	at	my	hands.”
“Good	day	to	you!”	said	the	familiar,	misty	voice,	and	Professor	Trelawney
made	her	usual	dramatic	entrance	out	of	the	shadows.	Parvati	and	Lavender
quivered	with	excitement,	their	faces	lit	by	the	milky	glow	of	their	crystal
ball.
“I	have	decided	to	introduce	the	crystal	ball	a	little	earlier	than	I	had
planned,”	 said	 Professor	 Trelawney,	 sitting	 with	 her	 back	 to	 the	 fire	 and
gazing	around.	“The	fates	have	informed	me	that	your	examination	in	June
will	concern	the	Orb,	and	I	am	anxious	to	give	you	sufficient	practice.”
Hermione	snorted.
“Well,	honestly	.	.	.	‘the	fates	have	informed	her’	.	.	.	who	sets	the	exam?
She	does!	What	an	amazing	prediction!”	she	said,	not	troubling	to	keep	her
voice	low.	Harry	and	Ron	choked	back	laughs.
It	was	hard	to	tell	whether	Professor	Trelawney	had	heard	them,	as	her	face
was	hidden	in	shadow.	She	continued,	however,	as	though	she	had	not.
“Crystal	gazing	is	a	particularly	refined	art,”	she	said	dreamily.	“I	do	not
expect	any	of	you	to	See	when	first	you	peer	into	the	Orb’s	infinite	depths.
We	shall	start	by	practicing	relaxing	the	conscious	mind	and	external	eyes”	—
