=== PDF page 825 ===
Professor	Trelawney	could	join	their	table	instead.
“Some	day	Hermione’s	having,	eh?”	Ron	muttered	to	Harry,	looking	awed.
“Yeah	.	.	.”
Harry	glanced	into	the	crystal	ball	but	saw	nothing	but	swirling	white	mist.
Had	Professor	Trelawney	really	seen	the	Grim	again?	Would	he?	The	last
thing	he	needed	was	another	near-fatal	accident,	with	the	Quidditch	final
drawing	ever	nearer.
The	Easter	holidays	were	not	exactly	relaxing.	The	third	years	had	never	had
so	much	homework.	Neville	Longbottom	seemed	close	to	a	nervous	collapse,
and	he	wasn’t	the	only	one.
“Call	this	a	holiday!”	Seamus	Finnigan	roared	at	the	common	room	one
afternoon.	“The	exams	are	ages	away,	what’re	they	playing	at?”
But	nobody	had	as	much	to	do	as	Hermione.	Even	without	Divination,	she
was	taking	more	subjects	than	anybody	else.	She	was	usually	last	to	leave	the
common	room	at	night,	first	to	arrive	at	the	library	the	next	morning;	she	had
shadows	like	Lupin’s	under	her	eyes,	and	seemed	constantly	close	to	tears.
Ron	had	taken	over	responsibility	for	Buckbeak’s	appeal.	When	he	wasn’t
doing	his	own	work,	he	was	poring	over	enormously	thick	volumes	with
names	like	
The	Handbook	of	Hippogriff	Psychology
	and	
Fowl	or	Foul?	A
Study	of	Hippogriff	Brutality.
	 He	 was	 so	 absorbed,	 he	 even	 forgot	 to	 be
horrible	to	Crookshanks.
Harry,	meanwhile,	had	to	fit	in	his	homework	around	Quidditch	practice
every	day,	not	to	mention	endless	discussions	of	tactics	with	Wood.	The
Gryffindor-Slytherin	match	would	take	place	on	the	first	Saturday	after	the
Easter	holidays.	Slytherin	was	leading	the	tournament	by	exactly	two	hundred
points.	This	meant	(as	Wood	constantly	reminded	his	team)	that	they	needed
to	win	the	match	by	more	than	that	amount	to	win	the	Cup.	It	also	meant	that
the	burden	of	winning	fell	largely	on	Harry,	because	capturing	the	Snitch	was
worth	one	hundred	and	fifty	points.
“So	you	must	catch	it	
only
	if	we’re	
more	than
	fifty	points	up,”	Wood	told
Harry	constantly.	“Only	if	we’re	more	than	fifty	points	up,	Harry,	or	we	win
