=== PDF page 829 ===
nothing	himself.	Then	he	hurried	them	off	to	the	field	before	anyone	else	had
finished,	so	they	could	get	an	idea	of	the	conditions.	As	they	left	the	Great
Hall,	everyone	applauded	again.
“Good	luck,	Harry!”	called	Cho.	Harry	felt	himself	blushing.
“Okay	—	no	wind	to	speak	of	—	sun’s	a	bit	bright,	that	could	impair	your
vision,	watch	out	for	it	—	ground’s	fairly	hard,	good,	that’ll	give	us	a	fast
kickoff	—”
Wood	paced	the	field,	staring	around	with	the	team	behind	him.	Finally,
they	saw	the	front	doors	of	the	castle	open	in	the	distance	and	the	rest	of	the
school	spilling	onto	the	lawn.
“Locker	rooms,”	said	Wood	tersely.
None	 of	 them	 spoke	 as	 they	 changed	 into	 their	 scarlet	 robes.	 Harry
wondered	if	they	were	feeling	like	he	was:	as	though	he’d	eaten	something
extremely	wriggly	for	breakfast.	In	what	seemed	like	no	time	at	all,	Wood
was	saying,	“Okay,	it’s	time,	let’s	go	—”
They	walked	out	onto	the	field	to	a	tidal	wave	of	noise.	Three-quarters	of
the	 crowd	 were	 wearing	 scarlet	 rosettes,	 waving	 scarlet	 flags	 with	 the
Gryffindor	lion	upon	them,	or	brandishing	banners	with	slogans	like	“GO
GRYFFINDOR!”	 and	 “LIONS	 FOR	 THE	 CUP!”	 Behind	 the	 Slytherin
goalposts,	 however,	 two	 hundred	 people	 were	 wearing	 green;	 the	 silver
serpent	of	Slytherin	glittered	on	their	flags,	and	Professor	Snape	sat	in	the
very	front	row,	wearing	green	like	everyone	else,	and	a	very	grim	smile.
“And	here	are	the	Gryffindors!”	yelled	Lee	Jordan,	who	was	acting	as
commentator	as	usual.	“Potter,	Bell,	Johnson,	Spinnet,	Weasley,	Weasley,	and
Wood.	Widely	acknowledged	as	the	best	team	Hogwarts	has	seen	in	a	good
few	years	—”
Lee’s	comments	were	drowned	by	a	tide	of	“boos”	from	the	Slytherin	end.
“And	here	come	the	Slytherin	team,	led	by	Captain	Flint.	He’s	made	some
changes	in	the	lineup	and	seems	to	be	going	for	size	rather	than	skill	—”
More	boos	from	the	Slytherin	crowd.	Harry,	however,	thought	Lee	had	a
point.	Malfoy	was	easily	the	smallest	person	on	the	Slytherin	team;	the	rest	of
