=== PDF page 827 ===
“I	can’t	work,	I	can’t	concentrate,”	she	said	nervously.
There	was	a	great	deal	of	noise.	Fred	and	George	Weasley	were	dealing
with	the	pressure	by	being	louder	and	more	exuberant	than	ever.	Oliver	Wood
was	crouched	over	a	model	of	a	Quidditch	field	in	the	corner,	prodding	little
figures	across	it	with	his	wand	and	muttering	to	himself.	Angelina,	Alicia,	and
Katie	were	laughing	at	Fred’s	and	George’s	jokes.	Harry	was	sitting	with	Ron
and	Hermione,	removed	from	the	center	of	things,	trying	not	to	think	about
the	next	day,	because	every	time	he	did,	he	had	the	horrible	sensation	that
something	very	large	was	fighting	to	get	out	of	his	stomach.
“You’re	going	to	be	fine,”	Hermione	told	him,	though	she	looked	positively
terrified.
“You’ve	got	a	
Firebolt
!”	said	Ron.
“Yeah	.	.	.	,”	said	Harry,	his	stomach	writhing.
It	came	as	a	relief	when	Wood	suddenly	stood	up	and	yelled,	“Team!	Bed!”
Harry	slept	badly.	First	he	dreamed	that	he	had	overslept,	and	that	Wood	was
yelling,	“Where	were	you?	We	had	to	use	Neville	instead!”	Then	he	dreamed
that	Malfoy	and	the	rest	of	the	Slytherin	team	arrived	for	the	match	riding
dragons.	He	was	flying	at	breakneck	speed,	trying	to	avoid	a	spurt	of	flames
from	Malfoy’s	steed’s	mouth,	when	he	realized	he	had	forgotten	his	Firebolt.
He	fell	through	the	air	and	woke	with	a	start.
It	was	a	few	seconds	before	Harry	remembered	that	the	match	hadn’t	taken
place	yet,	that	he	was	safe	in	bed,	and	that	the	Slytherin	team	definitely
wouldn’t	be	allowed	to	play	on	dragons.	He	was	feeling	very	thirsty.	Quietly
as	he	could,	he	got	out	of	his	four-poster	and	went	to	pour	himself	some	water
from	the	silver	jug	beneath	the	window.
The	grounds	were	still	and	quiet.	No	breath	of	wind	disturbed	the	treetops
in	the	Forbidden	Forest;	the	Whomping	Willow	was	motionless	and	innocent-
looking.	It	looked	as	though	the	conditions	for	the	match	would	be	perfect.
Harry	set	down	his	goblet	and	was	about	to	turn	back	to	his	bed	when
something	caught	his	eye.	An	animal	of	some	kind	was	prowling	across	the
silvery	lawn.
