=== PDF page 826 ===
the	match	but	lose	the	Cup.	You’ve	got	that,	haven’t	you?	You	must	catch	the
Snitch	only	if	we’re	—”
“I	KNOW,	OLIVER!”	Harry	yelled.
The	whole	of	Gryffindor	House	was	obsessed	with	the	coming	match.
Gryffindor	 hadn’t	 won	 the	 Quidditch	 Cup	 since	 the	 legendary	 Charlie
Weasley	(Ron’s	second	oldest	brother)	had	been	Seeker.	But	Harry	doubted
whether	any	of	them,	even	Wood,	wanted	to	win	as	much	as	he	did.	The
enmity	between	Harry	and	Malfoy	was	at	its	highest	point	ever.	Malfoy	was
still	smarting	about	the	mud-throwing	incident	in	Hogsmeade	and	was	even
more	furious	that	Harry	had	somehow	wormed	his	way	out	of	punishment.
Harry	hadn’t	forgotten	Malfoy’s	attempt	to	sabotage	him	in	the	match	against
Ravenclaw,	but	it	was	the	matter	of	Buckbeak	that	made	him	most	determined
to	beat	Malfoy	in	front	of	the	entire	school.
Never,	in	anyone’s	memory,	had	a	match	approached	in	such	a	highly
charged	atmosphere.	By	the	time	the	holidays	were	over,	tension	between	the
two	teams	and	their	Houses	was	at	the	breaking	point.	A	number	of	small
scuffles	broke	out	in	the	corridors,	culminating	in	a	nasty	incident	in	which	a
Gryffindor	fourth	year	and	a	Slytherin	sixth	year	ended	up	in	the	hospital
wing	with	leeks	sprouting	out	of	their	ears.
Harry	was	having	a	particularly	bad	time	of	it.	He	couldn’t	walk	to	class
without	Slytherins	sticking	out	their	legs	and	trying	to	trip	him	up;	Crabbe
and	Goyle	kept	popping	up	wherever	he	went,	and	slouching	away	looking
disappointed	when	they	saw	him	surrounded	by	people.	Wood	had	given
instructions	 that	 Harry	 should	 be	 accompanied	 everywhere,	 in	 case	 the
Slytherins	tried	to	put	him	out	of	action.	The	whole	of	Gryffindor	House	took
up	the	challenge	enthusiastically,	so	that	it	was	impossible	for	Harry	to	get	to
classes	on	time	because	he	was	surrounded	by	a	vast,	chattering	crowd.	Harry
was	more	concerned	for	his	Firebolt’s	safety	than	his	own.	When	he	wasn’t
flying	it,	he	locked	it	securely	in	his	trunk	and	frequently	dashed	back	up	to
Gryffindor	Tower	at	break	times	to	check	that	it	was	still	there.
All	usual	pursuits	were	abandoned	in	the	Gryffindor	common	room	the	night
before	the	match.	Even	Hermione	had	put	down	her	books.
