=== PDF page 390 ===
tenterhooks.
“No,”	said	Harry	quickly,	“I’ll	come	—”
“My	dear	boy!	Harry	Potter,	at	my	deathday	party!	And”	—	he	hesitated,
looking	excited	—	“do	you	think	you	could	
possibly
	mention	to	Sir	Patrick
how	
very
	frightening	and	impressive	you	find	me?”
“Of	—	of	course,”	said	Harry.
Nearly	Headless	Nick	beamed	at	him.
“A	deathday	party?”	said	Hermione	keenly	when	Harry	had	changed	at	last
and	joined	her	and	Ron	in	the	common	room.	“I	bet	there	aren’t	many	living
people	who	can	say	they’ve	been	to	one	of	those	—	it’ll	be	fascinating!”
“Why	would	anyone	want	to	celebrate	the	day	they	died?”	said	Ron,	who
was	 halfway	 through	 his	 Potions	 homework	 and	 grumpy.	 “Sounds	 dead
depressing	to	me.	.	.	.”
Rain	was	still	lashing	the	windows,	which	were	now	inky	black,	but	inside
all	 looked	 bright	 and	 cheerful.	 The	 firelight	 glowed	 over	 the	 countless
squashy	armchairs	where	people	sat	reading,	talking,	doing	homework	or,	in
the	case	of	Fred	and	George	Weasley,	trying	to	find	out	what	would	happen	if
you	fed	a	Filibuster	firework	to	a	salamander.	Fred	had	“rescued”	the	brilliant
orange,	fire-dwelling	lizard	from	a	Care	of	Magical	Creatures	class	and	it	was
now	smoldering	gently	on	a	table	surrounded	by	a	knot	of	curious	people.
Harry	was	at	the	point	of	telling	Ron	and	Hermione	about	Filch	and	the
Kwikspell	 course	 when	 the	 salamander	 suddenly	 whizzed	 into	 the	 air,
emitting	loud	sparks	and	bangs	as	it	whirled	wildly	round	the	room.	The	sight
of	Percy	bellowing	himself	hoarse	at	Fred	and	George,	the	spectacular	display
of	tangerine	stars	showering	from	the	salamander’s	mouth,	and	its	escape	into
the	fire,	with	accompanying	explosions,	drove	both	Filch	and	the	Kwikspell
envelope	from	Harry’s	mind.
By	the	time	Halloween	arrived,	Harry	was	regretting	his	rash	promise	to	go	to
the	 deathday	 party.	 The	 rest	 of	 the	 school	 was	 happily	 anticipating	 their
Halloween	feast;	the	Great	Hall	had	been	decorated	with	the	usual	live	bats,
Hagrid’s	vast	pumpkins	had	been	carved	into	lanterns	large	enough	for	three
