=== PDF page 391 ===
men	to	sit	in,	and	there	were	rumors	that	Dumbledore	had	booked	a	troupe	of
dancing	skeletons	for	the	entertainment.
“A	promise	is	a	promise,”	Hermione	reminded	Harry	bossily.	“You	
said
you’d	go	to	the	deathday	party.”
So	at	seven	o’clock,	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	walked	straight	past	the
doorway	to	the	packed	Great	Hall,	which	was	glittering	invitingly	with	gold
plates	and	candles,	and	directed	their	steps	instead	toward	the	dungeons.
The	passageway	leading	to	Nearly	Headless	Nick’s	party	had	been	lined
with	candles,	too,	though	the	effect	was	far	from	cheerful:	These	were	long,
thin,	jet-black	tapers,	all	burning	bright	blue,	casting	a	dim,	ghostly	light	even
over	their	own	living	faces.	The	temperature	dropped	with	every	step	they
took.	As	Harry	shivered	and	drew	his	robes	tightly	around	him,	he	heard	what
sounded	like	a	thousand	fingernails	scraping	an	enormous	blackboard.
“Is	that	supposed	to	be	
music
?”	Ron	whispered.	They	turned	a	corner	and
saw	Nearly	Headless	Nick	standing	at	a	doorway	hung	with	black	velvet
drapes.
“My	dear	friends,”	he	said	mournfully.	“Welcome,	welcome	.	.	.	so	pleased
you	could	come.	.	.	.”
He	swept	off	his	plumed	hat	and	bowed	them	inside.
It	was	an	incredible	sight.	The	dungeon	was	full	of	hundreds	of	pearly-
white,	 translucent	 people,	 mostly	 drifting	 around	 a	 crowded	 dance	 floor,
waltzing	to	the	dreadful,	quavering	sound	of	thirty	musical	saws,	played	by	an
orchestra	on	a	raised,	black-draped	platform.	A	chandelier	overhead	blazed
midnight-blue	with	a	thousand	more	black	candles.	Their	breath	rose	in	a	mist
before	them;	it	was	like	stepping	into	a	freezer.
“Shall	we	have	a	look	around?”	Harry	suggested,	wanting	to	warm	up	his
feet.
“Careful	not	to	walk	through	anyone,”	said	Ron	nervously,	and	they	set	off
around	the	edge	of	the	dance	floor.	They	passed	a	group	of	gloomy	nuns,	a
ragged	man	wearing	chains,	and	the	Fat	Friar,	a	cheerful	Hufflepuff	ghost,
who	was	talking	to	a	knight	with	an	arrow	sticking	out	of	his	forehead.	Harry
