=== PDF page 587 ===
her	visits	stood	out	horribly	vividly	in	Harry’s	mind.
At	Dudley’s	fifth	birthday	party,	Aunt	Marge	had	whacked	Harry	around
the	shins	with	her	walking	stick	to	stop	him	from	beating	Dudley	at	musical
statues.	A	few	years	later,	she	had	turned	up	at	Christmas	with	a	computerized
robot	for	Dudley	and	a	box	of	dog	biscuits	for	Harry.	On	her	last	visit,	the
year	before	Harry	started	at	Hogwarts,	Harry	had	accidentally	trodden	on	the
tail	of	her	favorite	dog.	Ripper	had	chased	Harry	out	into	the	garden	and	up	a
tree,	and	Aunt	Marge	had	refused	to	call	him	off	until	past	midnight.	The
memory	of	this	incident	still	brought	tears	of	laughter	to	Dudley’s	eyes.
“Marge’ll	be	here	for	a	week,”	Uncle	Vernon	snarled,	“and	while	we’re	on
the	subject”	—	he	pointed	a	fat	finger	threateningly	at	Harry	—	“we	need	to
get	a	few	things	straight	before	I	go	and	collect	her.”
Dudley	smirked	and	withdrew	his	gaze	from	the	television.	Watching	Harry
being	bullied	by	Uncle	Vernon	was	Dudley’s	favorite	form	of	entertainment.
“Firstly,”	growled	Uncle	Vernon,	“you’ll	keep	a	civil	tongue	in	your	head
when	you’re	talking	to	Marge.”
“All	right,”	said	Harry	bitterly,	“if	she	does	when	she’s	talking	to	me.”
“Secondly,”	said	Uncle	Vernon,	acting	as	though	he	had	not	heard	Harry’s
reply,	“as	Marge	doesn’t	know	anything	about	your	
abnormality,
	I	don’t	want
any	—	any	
funny
	stuff	while	she’s	here.	You	behave	yourself,	got	me?”
“I	will	if	she	does,”	said	Harry	through	gritted	teeth.
“And	thirdly,”	said	Uncle	Vernon,	his	mean	little	eyes	now	slits	in	his	great
purple	face,	“we’ve	told	Marge	you	attend	St.	Brutus’s	Secure	Center	for
Incurably	Criminal	Boys.”
“What?”	
Harry	yelled.
“And	you’ll	be	sticking	to	that	story,	boy,	or	there’ll	be	trouble,”	spat	Uncle
Vernon.
Harry	sat	there,	white-faced	and	furious,	staring	at	Uncle	Vernon,	hardly
able	to	believe	it.	Aunt	Marge	coming	for	a	week-long	visit	—	it	was	the
worst	birthday	present	the	Dursleys	had	ever	given	him,	including	that	pair	of
