=== PDF page 589 ===
“Exactly,”	said	Harry,	looking	calmly	up	into	Uncle	Vernon’s	large,	purple
face.	“It’s	a	lot	to	remember.	I’ll	have	to	make	it	sound	convincing,	won’t	I?
What	if	I	accidentally	let	something	slip?”
“You’ll	get	the	stuffing	knocked	out	of	you,	won’t	you?”	
roared	 Uncle
Vernon,	advancing	on	Harry	with	his	fist	raised.	But	Harry	stood	his	ground.
“Knocking	the	stuffing	out	of	me	won’t	make	Aunt	Marge	forget	what	I
could	tell	her,”	he	said	grimly.
Uncle	Vernon	stopped,	his	fist	still	raised,	his	face	an	ugly	puce.
“But	if	you	sign	my	permission	form,”	Harry	went	on	quickly,	“I	swear	I’ll
remember	where	I’m	supposed	to	go	to	school,	and	I’ll	act	like	a	Mug	—	like
I’m	normal	and	everything.”
Harry	could	tell	that	Uncle	Vernon	was	thinking	it	over,	even	if	his	teeth
were	bared	and	a	vein	was	throbbing	in	his	temple.
“Right,”	he	snapped	finally.	“I	shall	monitor	your	behavior	carefully	during
Marge’s	visit.	If,	at	the	end	of	it,	you’ve	toed	the	line	and	kept	to	the	story,	I’ll
sign	your	ruddy	form.”
He	wheeled	around,	pulled	open	the	front	door,	and	slammed	it	so	hard	that
one	of	the	little	panes	of	glass	at	the	top	fell	out.
Harry	didn’t	return	to	the	kitchen.	He	went	back	upstairs	to	his	bedroom.	If
he	was	going	to	act	like	a	real	Muggle,	he’d	better	start	now.	Slowly	and	sadly
he	gathered	up	all	his	presents	and	his	birthday	cards	and	hid	them	under	the
loose	floorboard	with	his	homework.	Then	he	went	to	Hedwig’s	cage.	Errol
seemed	to	have	recovered;	he	and	Hedwig	were	both	asleep,	heads	under	their
wings.	Harry	sighed,	then	poked	them	both	awake.
“Hedwig,”	he	said	gloomily,	“you’re	going	to	have	to	clear	off	for	a	week.
Go	with	Errol.	Ron’ll	look	after	you.	I’ll	write	him	a	note,	explaining.	And
don’t	look	at	me	like	that”	—	Hedwig’s	large	amber	eyes	were	reproachful	—
“it’s	not	my	fault.	It’s	the	only	way	I’ll	be	allowed	to	visit	Hogsmeade	with
Ron	and	Hermione.”
Ten	minutes	later,	Errol	and	Hedwig	(who	had	a	note	to	Ron	bound	to	her
leg)	soared	out	of	the	window	and	out	of	sight.	Harry,	now	feeling	thoroughly
