=== PDF page 698 ===
“I’m	afraid	not,	Potter,”	she	said.	“You	heard	what	I	said.	No	form,	no
visiting	the	village.	That’s	the	rule.”
“But	—	Professor,	my	aunt	and	uncle	—	you	know,	they’re	Muggles,	they
don’t	really	understand	about	—	about	Hogwarts	forms	and	stuff,”	Harry	said,
while	Ron	egged	him	on	with	vigorous	nods.	“If	you	said	I	could	go	—”
“But	I	don’t	say	so,”	said	Professor	McGonagall,	standing	up	and	piling	her
papers	 neatly	 into	 a	 drawer.	 “The	 form	 clearly	 states	 that	 the	 parent	 or
guardian	must	give	permission.”	She	turned	to	look	at	him,	with	an	odd
expression	on	her	face.	Was	it	pity?	“I’m	sorry,	Potter,	but	that’s	my	final
word.	You	had	better	hurry,	or	you’ll	be	late	for	your	next	lesson.”
There	was	nothing	to	be	done.	Ron	called	Professor	McGonagall	a	lot	of
names	that	greatly	annoyed	Hermione;	Hermione	assumed	an	“all-for-the-
best”	 expression	 that	 made	 Ron	 even	 angrier,	 and	 Harry	 had	 to	 endure
everyone	in	the	class	talking	loudly	and	happily	about	what	they	were	going
to	do	first,	once	they	got	into	Hogsmeade.
“There’s	always	the	feast,”	said	Ron,	in	an	effort	to	cheer	Harry	up.	“You
know,	the	Halloween	feast,	in	the	evening.”
“Yeah,”	said	Harry	gloomily,	“great.”
The	Halloween	feast	was	always	good,	but	it	would	taste	a	lot	better	if	he
was	coming	to	it	after	a	day	in	Hogsmeade	with	everyone	else.	Nothing
anyone	said	made	him	feel	any	better	about	being	left	behind.	Dean	Thomas,
who	was	good	with	a	quill,	had	offered	to	forge	Uncle	Vernon’s	signature	on
the	form,	but	as	Harry	had	already	told	Professor	McGonagall	he	hadn’t	had	it
signed,	that	was	no	good.	Ron	halfheartedly	suggested	the	Invisibility	Cloak,
but	Hermione	stamped	on	that	one,	reminding	Ron	what	Dumbledore	had	told
them	about	the	dementors	being	able	to	see	through	them.	Percy	had	what
were	possibly	the	least	helpful	words	of	comfort.
“They	make	a	fuss	about	Hogsmeade,	but	I	assure	you,	Harry,	it’s	not	all
it’s	cracked	up	to	be,”	he	said	seriously.	“All	right,	the	sweetshop’s	rather
good,	and	Zonko’s	Joke	Shop’s	frankly	dangerous,	and	yes,	the	Shrieking
Shack’s	always	worth	a	visit,	but	really,	Harry,	apart	from	that,	you’re	not
missing	anything.”
