=== PDF page 691 ===
name,	and	he	was	bullying	Neville	worse	than	ever.
Harry	 was	 also	 growing	 to	 dread	 the	 hours	 he	 spent	 in	 Professor
Trelawney’s	stifling	tower	room,	deciphering	lopsided	shapes	and	symbols,
trying	to	ignore	the	way	Professor	Trelawney’s	enormous	eyes	filled	with
tears	every	time	she	looked	at	him.	He	couldn’t	like	Professor	Trelawney,
even	though	she	was	treated	with	respect	bordering	on	reverence	by	many	of
the	class.	Parvati	Patil	and	Lavender	Brown	had	taken	to	haunting	Professor
Trelawney’s	tower	room	at	lunchtimes,	and	always	returned	with	annoyingly
superior	looks	on	their	faces,	as	though	they	knew	things	the	others	didn’t.
They	had	also	started	using	hushed	voices	whenever	they	spoke	to	Harry,	as
though	he	were	on	his	deathbed.
Nobody	really	liked	Care	of	Magical	Creatures,	which,	after	the	action-
packed	first	class,	had	become	extremely	dull.	Hagrid	seemed	to	have	lost	his
confidence.	They	were	now	spending	lesson	after	lesson	learning	how	to	look
after	flobberworms,	which	had	to	be	some	of	the	most	boring	creatures	in
existence.
“Why	 would	 anyone	
bother
	 looking	 after	 them?”	 said	 Ron,	 after	 yet
another	 hour	 of	 poking	 shredded	 lettuce	 down	 the	 flobberworms’	 slimy
throats.
At	the	start	of	October,	however,	Harry	had	something	else	to	occupy	him,
something	so	enjoyable	it	more	than	made	up	for	his	unsatisfactory	classes.
The	Quidditch	season	was	approaching,	and	Oliver	Wood,	Captain	of	the
Gryffindor	team,	called	a	meeting	one	Thursday	evening	to	discuss	tactics	for
the	new	season.
There	were	seven	people	on	a	Quidditch	team:	three	Chasers,	whose	job	it
was	to	score	goals	by	putting	the	Quaffle	(a	red,	soccer-sized	ball)	through
one	of	the	fifty-foot-high	hoops	at	each	end	of	the	field;	two	Beaters,	who
were	equipped	with	heavy	bats	to	repel	the	Bludgers	(two	heavy	black	balls
that	zoomed	around	trying	to	attack	the	players);	a	Keeper,	who	defended	the
goalposts,	and	the	Seeker,	who	had	the	hardest	job	of	all,	that	of	catching	the
Golden	Snitch,	a	tiny,	winged,	walnut-sized	ball,	whose	capture	ended	the
game	and	earned	the	Seeker’s	team	an	extra	one	hundred	and	fifty	points.
