=== PDF page 554 ===
Then	he	started	telling	them	everything.	For	nearly	a	quarter	of	an	hour	he
spoke	into	 the	rapt	 silence:	He	 told	them	 about	hearing	 the	 disembodied
voice,	how	Hermione	had	finally	realized	that	he	was	hearing	a	basilisk	in	the
pipes;	how	he	and	Ron	had	followed	the	spiders	into	the	forest,	that	Aragog
had	told	them	where	the	last	victim	of	the	basilisk	had	died;	how	he	had
guessed	that	Moaning	Myrtle	had	been	the	victim,	and	that	the	entrance	to	the
Chamber	of	Secrets	might	be	in	her	bathroom.	.	.	.
“Very	well,”	Professor	McGonagall	prompted	him	as	he	paused,	“so	you
found	out	where	the	entrance	was	—	breaking	a	hundred	school	rules	into
pieces	along	the	way,	I	might	add	—	but	how	on	
earth	
did	you	all	get	out	of
there	alive,	Potter?”
So	Harry,	his	voice	now	growing	hoarse	from	all	this	talking,	told	them
about	 Fawkes’s	 timely	 arrival	 and	 about	 the	 Sorting	 Hat	 giving	 him	 the
sword.	But	then	he	faltered.	He	had	so	far	avoided	mentioning	Riddle’s	diary
—	or	Ginny.	She	was	standing	with	her	head	against	Mrs.	Weasley’s	shoulder,
and	tears	were	still	coursing	silently	down	her	cheeks.	
What	if	they	expelled
her?
	Harry	thought	in	panic.	Riddle’s	diary	didn’t	work	anymore.	.	.	.	How
could	they	prove	it	had	been	
he
	who’d	made	her	do	it	all?
Instinctively,	Harry	looked	at	Dumbledore,	who	smiled	faintly,	the	firelight
glancing	off	his	half-moon	spectacles.
“What	 interests	
me
	 most,”	 said	 Dumbledore	 gently,	 “is	 how	 Lord
Voldemort	 managed	 to	 enchant	 Ginny,	 when	 my	 sources	 tell	 me	 he	 is
currently	in	hiding	in	the	forests	of	Albania.”
Relief	—	warm,	sweeping,	glorious	relief	—	
swept	over	Harry.
“W-what’s	that?”	said	Mr.	Weasley	in	a	stunned	voice.	“
You-Know-Who?
En-enchant	
Ginny
?	But	Ginny’s	not	.	.	.	Ginny	hasn’t	been	.	.	.	has	she?”
“It	was	this	diary,”	said	Harry	quickly,	picking	it	up	and	showing	it	to
Dumbledore.	“Riddle	wrote	it	when	he	was	sixteen.	.	.	.”
Dumbledore	took	the	diary	from	Harry	and	peered	keenly	down	his	long,
crooked	nose	at	its	burnt	and	soggy	pages.
“Brilliant,”	he	said	softly.	“Of	course,	he	was	probably	the	most	brilliant
