=== PDF page 564 ===
the	shoulders	that	they	were	knocked	into	their	plates	of	trifle,	or	his	and
Ron’s	four	hundred	points	for	Gryffindor	securing	the	House	Cup	for	the
second	year	running,	or	Professor	McGonagall	standing	up	to	tell	them	all
that	the	exams	had	been	canceled	as	a	school	treat	(“Oh,	
no
!”	said	Hermione),
or	Dumbledore	announcing	that,	unfortunately,	Professor	Lockhart	would	be
unable	to	return	next	year,	owing	to	the	fact	that	he	needed	to	go	away	and	get
his	memory	back.	Quite	a	few	of	the	teachers	joined	in	the	cheering	that
greeted	this	news.
“Shame,”	said	Ron,	helping	himself	to	a	jam	doughnut.	“He	was	starting	to
grow	on	me.”
The	rest	of	the	final	term	passed	in	a	haze	of	blazing	sunshine.	Hogwarts	was
back	to	normal	with	only	a	few,	small	differences.	Defense	Against	the	Dark
Arts	classes	were	canceled	(“but	we’ve	had	plenty	of	practice	at	that	anyway,”
Ron	told	a	disgruntled	Hermione)	and	Lucius	Malfoy	had	been	sacked	as	a
school	governor.	Draco	was	no	longer	strutting	around	the	school	as	though
he	owned	the	place.	On	the	contrary,	he	looked	resentful	and	sulky.	On	the
other	hand,	Ginny	Weasley	was	perfectly	happy	again.
Too	soon,	it	was	time	for	the	journey	home	on	the	Hogwarts	Express.
Harry,	 Ron,	 Hermione,	 Fred,	 George,	 and	 Ginny	 got	 a	 compartment	 to
themselves.	They	made	the	most	of	the	last	few	hours	in	which	they	were
allowed	to	do	magic	before	the	holidays.	They	played	Exploding	Snap,	set	off
the	 very	 last	 of	 Fred	 and	 George’s	 Filibuster	 fireworks,	 and	 practiced
Disarming	each	other	by	magic.	Harry	was	getting	very	good	at	it.
They	were	almost	at	King’s	Cross	when	Harry	remembered	something.
“Ginny	—	
what	did	you	see	Percy	doing,	that	he	didn’t	want	you	to	tell
anyone?”
“Oh,	that,”	said	Ginny,	giggling.	“Well	—	
Percy’s	got	a	
girlfriend
.”
Fred	dropped	a	stack	of	books	on	George’s	head.
“What?”
“It’s	that	Ravenclaw	prefect,	Penelope	Clearwater,”	said	Ginny.	“That’s
who	he	was	writing	to	all	last	summer.	He’s	been	meeting	her	all	over	the
