=== PDF page 319 ===
Hermione.’”
“Well,	that	fits	in	nicely,	we	can	go	and	get	all	your	things	then,	too,”	said
Mrs.	Weasley,	starting	to	clear	the	table.	“What’re	you	all	up	to	today?”
Harry,	Ron,	Fred,	and	George	were	planning	to	go	up	the	hill	to	a	small
paddock	the	Weasleys	owned.	It	was	surrounded	by	trees	that	blocked	it	from
view	of	the	village	below,	meaning	that	they	could	practice	Quidditch	there,
as	long	as	they	didn’t	fly	too	high.	They	couldn’t	use	real	Quidditch	balls,
which	would	have	been	hard	to	explain	if	they	had	escaped	and	flown	away
over	the	village;	instead	they	threw	apples	for	one	another	to	catch.	They	took
turns	riding	Harry’s	Nimbus	Two	Thousand,	which	was	easily	the	best	broom;
Ron’s	old	Shooting	Star	was	often	outstripped	by	passing	butterflies.
Five	minutes	later	they	were	marching	up	the	hill,	broomsticks	over	their
shoulders.	They	had	asked	Percy	if	he	wanted	to	join	them,	but	he	had	said	he
was	busy.	Harry	had	only	seen	Percy	at	mealtimes	so	far;	he	stayed	shut	in	his
room	the	rest	of	the	time.
“Wish	I	knew	what	he	was	up	to,”	said	Fred,	frowning.	“He’s	not	himself.
His	exam	results	came	the	day	before	you	did;	twelve	O.W.L.s	and	he	hardly
gloated	at	all.”
“Ordinary	Wizarding	Levels,”	George	explained,	seeing	Harry’s	puzzled
look.	“Bill	got	twelve,	too.	If	we’re	not	careful,	we’ll	have	another	Head	Boy
in	the	family.	I	don’t	think	I	could	stand	the	shame.”
Bill	was	the	oldest	Weasley	brother.	He	and	the	next	brother,	Charlie,	had
already	left	Hogwarts.	Harry	had	never	met	either	of	them,	but	knew	that
Charlie	was	in	Romania	studying	dragons	and	Bill	in	Egypt	working	for	the
wizards’	bank,	Gringotts.
“Dunno	how	Mum	and	Dad	are	going	to	afford	all	our	school	stuff	this
year,”	said	George	after	a	while.	“Five	sets	of	Lockhart	books!	And	Ginny
needs	robes	and	a	wand	and	everything.	.	.	.”
Harry	said	nothing.	He	felt	a	bit	awkward.	Stored	in	an	underground	vault
at	Gringotts	in	London	was	a	small	fortune	that	his	parents	had	left	him.	Of
course,	it	was	only	in	the	Wizarding	world	that	he	had	money;	you	couldn’t
