=== PDF page 328 ===
“Did	Lucius	Malfoy	buy	anything?”	said	Mr.	Weasley	sharply	behind	them.
“No,	he	was	selling	—”
“So	he’s	worried,”	said	Mr.	Weasley	with	grim	satisfaction.	“Oh,	I’d	love	to
get	Lucius	Malfoy	for	something.	.	.	.”
“You	be	careful,	Arthur,”	said	Mrs.	Weasley	sharply	as	they	were	bowed
into	the	bank	by	a	goblin	at	the	door.	“That	family’s	trouble.	Don’t	go	biting
off	more	than	you	can	chew	—”
“So	you	don’t	think	I’m	a	match	for	Lucius	Malfoy?”	said	Mr.	Weasley
indignantly,	but	he	was	distracted	almost	at	once	by	the	sight	of	Hermione’s
parents,	who	were	standing	nervously	at	the	counter	that	ran	all	along	the
great	marble	hall,	waiting	for	Hermione	to	introduce	them.
“But	you’re	
Muggles
!”	said	Mr.	Weasley	delightedly.	“We	must	have	a
drink!	What’s	that	you’ve	got	there?	Oh,	you’re	changing	Muggle	money.
Molly,	look!”	He	pointed	excitedly	at	the	ten-pound	notes	in	Mr.	Granger’s
hand.
“Meet	you	back	here,”	Ron	said	to	Hermione	as	the	Weasleys	and	Harry
were	led	off	to	their	underground	vaults	by	another	Gringotts	goblin.
The	vaults	were	reached	by	means	of	small,	goblin-driven	carts	that	sped
along	miniature	train	tracks	through	the	bank’s	underground	tunnels.	Harry
enjoyed	the	breakneck	journey	down	to	the	Weasleys’	vault,	but	felt	dreadful,
far	worse	than	he	had	in	Knockturn	Alley,	when	it	was	opened.	There	was	a
very	 small	 pile	 of	 silver	 Sickles	 inside,	 and	 just	 one	 gold	 Galleon.	 Mrs.
Weasley	felt	right	into	the	corners	before	sweeping	the	whole	lot	into	her	bag.
Harry	felt	even	worse	when	they	reached	his	vault.	He	tried	to	block	the
contents	from	view	as	he	hastily	shoved	handfuls	of	coins	into	a	leather	bag.
Back	 outside	 on	 the	 marble	 steps,	 they	 all	 separated.	 Percy	 muttered
vaguely	about	needing	a	new	quill.	Fred	and	George	had	spotted	their	friend
from	 Hogwarts,	 Lee	 Jordan.	 Mrs.	 Weasley	 and	 Ginny	 were	 going	 to	 a
secondhand	robe	shop.	Mr.	Weasley	was	insisting	on	taking	the	Grangers	off
to	the	Leaky	Cauldron	for	a	drink.
“We’ll	all	meet	at	Flourish	and	Blotts	in	an	hour	to	buy	your	schoolbooks,”
