=== PDF page 318 ===
“That	lot	won’t	come	cheap,”	said	George,	with	a	quick	look	at	his	parents.
“Lockhart’s	books	are	really	expensive.	.	.	.”
“Well,	we’ll	manage,”	said	Mrs.	Weasley,	but	she	looked	worried.	“I	expect
we’ll	be	able	to	pick	up	a	lot	of	Ginny’s	things	secondhand.”
“Oh,	are	you	starting	at	Hogwarts	this	year?”	Harry	asked	Ginny.
She	nodded,	blushing	to	the	roots	of	her	flaming	hair,	and	put	her	elbow	in
the	butter	dish.	Fortunately	no	one	saw	this	except	Harry,	because	just	then
Ron’s	elder	brother	Percy	walked	in.	He	was	already	dressed,	his	Hogwarts
prefect	badge	pinned	to	his	sweater	vest.
“Morning,	all,”	said	Percy	briskly.	“Lovely	day.”
He	 sat	 down	 in	 the	 only	 remaining	 chair	 but	 leapt	 up	 again	 almost
immediately,	pulling	from	underneath	him	a	molting,	gray	feather	duster	—	at
least,	that	was	what	Harry	thought	it	was,	until	he	saw	that	it	was	breathing.
“Errol!”	said	Ron,	taking	the	limp	owl	from	Percy	and	extracting	a	letter
from	under	its	wing.	“
Finally	
—	
he’s	got	Hermione’s	answer.	I	wrote	to	her
saying	we	were	going	to	try	and	rescue	you	from	the	Dursleys.”
He	carried	Errol	to	a	perch	just	inside	the	back	door	and	tried	to	stand	him
on	it,	but	Errol	flopped	straight	off	again	so	Ron	laid	him	on	the	draining
board	instead,	muttering,	“Pathetic.”	Then	he	ripped	open	Hermione’s	letter
and	read	it	out	loud:
“‘Dear	Ron,	and	Harry	if	you’re	there,
“‘I	hope	everything	went	all	right	and	that	Harry	is	okay	and	that	you
didn’t	do	anything	illegal	to	get	him	out,	Ron,	because	that	would	get	Harry
into	trouble,	too.	I’ve	been	really	worried	and	if	Harry	is	all	right,	will	you
please	let	me	know	at	once,	but	perhaps	it	would	be	better	if	you	used	a
different	owl,	because	I	think	another	delivery	might	finish	your	one	off.
“‘I’m	very	busy	with	schoolwork,	of	course’
	—	How	
can
	she	be?”	said	Ron
in	 horror.	 “We’re	 on	 vacation!	 —	
‘and	 we’re	 going	 to	 London	 next
Wednesday	to	buy	my	new	books.	Why	don’t	we	meet	in	Diagon	Alley?
“‘Let	 me	 know	 what’s	 happening	 as	 soon	 as	 you	 can.	 Love	 from
