=== PDF page 322 ===
snap.
Dizzy	and	bruised,	covered	in	soot,	he	got	gingerly	to	his	feet,	holding	his
broken	glasses	up	to	his	eyes.	He	was	quite	alone,	but	
where
	he	was,	he	had
no	idea.	All	he	could	tell	was	that	he	was	standing	in	the	stone	fireplace	of
what	looked	like	a	large,	dimly	lit	wizard’s	shop	—	but	nothing	in	here	was
ever	likely	to	be	on	a	Hogwarts	school	list.
A	glass	case	nearby	held	a	withered	hand	on	a	cushion,	a	bloodstained	pack
of	cards,	and	a	staring	glass	eye.	Evil-looking	masks	stared	down	from	the
walls,	an	assortment	of	human	bones	lay	upon	the	counter,	and	rusty,	spiked
instruments	hung	from	the	ceiling.	Even	worse,	the	dark,	narrow	street	Harry
could	see	through	the	dusty	shop	window	was	definitely	not	Diagon	Alley.
The	sooner	he	got	out	of	here,	the	better.	Nose	still	stinging	where	it	had	hit
the	hearth,	Harry	made	his	way	swiftly	and	silently	toward	the	door,	but
before	he’d	got	halfway	toward	it,	two	people	appeared	on	the	other	side	of
the	glass	—	and	one	of	them	was	the	very	last	person	Harry	wanted	to	meet
when	he	was	lost,	covered	in	soot,	and	wearing	broken	glasses:	Draco	Malfoy.
Harry	looked	quickly	around	and	spotted	a	large	black	cabinet	to	his	left;
he	shot	inside	it	and	pulled	the	doors	closed,	leaving	a	small	crack	to	peer
through.	Seconds	later,	a	bell	clanged,	and	Malfoy	stepped	into	the	shop.
The	man	who	followed	could	only	be	Draco’s	father.	He	had	the	same	pale,
pointed	face	and	identical	cold,	gray	eyes.	Mr.	Malfoy	crossed	the	shop,
looking	lazily	at	the	items	on	display,	and	rang	a	bell	on	the	counter	before
turning	to	his	son	and	saying,	“Touch	nothing,	Draco.”
Malfoy,	who	had	reached	for	the	glass	eye,	said,	“I	thought	you	were	going
to	buy	me	a	present.”
“I	said	I	would	buy	you	a	racing	broom,”	said	his	father,	drumming	his
fingers	on	the	counter.
“What’s	the	good	of	that	if	I’m	not	on	the	House	team?”	said	Malfoy,
looking	sulky	and	bad-tempered.	“Harry	Potter	got	a	Nimbus	Two	Thousand
last	 year.	 Special	 permission	 from	 Dumbledore	 so	 he	 could	 play	 for
Gryffindor.	He’s	not	even	that	good,	it’s	just	because	he’s	
famous
	.	.	.	famous
