=== PDF page 331 ===
was	clicking	away	madly,	wafting	thick	smoke	over	the	Weasleys.
“Nice	big	smile,	Harry,”	said	Lockhart,	through	his	own	gleaming	teeth.
“Together,	you	and	I	are	worth	the	front	page.”
When	he	finally	let	go	of	Harry’s	hand,	Harry	could	hardly	feel	his	fingers.
He	tried	to	sidle	back	over	to	the	Weasleys,	but	Lockhart	threw	an	arm	around
his	shoulders	and	clamped	him	tightly	to	his	side.
“Ladies	 and	 gentlemen,”	 he	 said	 loudly,	 waving	 for	 quiet.	 “What	 an
extraordinary	moment	this	is!	The	perfect	moment	for	me	to	make	a	little
announcement	I’ve	been	sitting	on	for	some	time!
“When	young	Harry	here	stepped	into	Flourish	and	Blotts	today,	he	only
wanted	to	buy	my	autobiography	—	which	I	shall	be	happy	to	present	him
now,	 free	 of	 charge	 —”	 The	 crowd	 applauded	 again.	 “He	 had	
no	 idea
,”
Lockhart	continued,	giving	Harry	a	little	shake	that	made	his	glasses	slip	to
the	end	of	his	nose,	“that	he	would	shortly	be	getting	much,	much	more	than
my	book,	
Magical	Me.
	He	and	his	schoolmates	will,	in	fact,	be	getting	the
real	magical	me.	Yes,	ladies	and	gentlemen,	I	have	great	pleasure	and	pride	in
announcing	 that	 this	 September,	 I	 will	 be	 taking	 up	 the	 post	 of	 Defense
Against	 the	 Dark	 Arts	 teacher	 at	 Hogwarts	 School	 of	 Witchcraft	 and
Wizardry!”
The	crowd	cheered	and	clapped	and	Harry	found	himself	being	presented
with	the	entire	works	of	Gilderoy	Lockhart.	Staggering	slightly	under	their
weight,	he	managed	to	make	his	way	out	of	the	limelight	to	the	edge	of	the
room,	where	Ginny	was	standing	next	to	her	new	cauldron.
“You	 have	 these,”	 Harry	 mumbled	 to	 her,	 tipping	 the	 books	 into	 the
cauldron.	“I’ll	buy	my	own	—”
“Bet	you	loved	that,	didn’t	you,	Potter?”	said	a	voice	Harry	had	no	trouble
recognizing.	He	straightened	up	and	found	himself	face-to-face	with	Draco
Malfoy,	who	was	wearing	his	usual	sneer.
“
Famous
	 Harry	 Potter,”	 said	 Malfoy.	 “Can’t	 even	 go	 into	 a	
bookshop
without	making	the	front	page.”
“Leave	him	alone,	he	didn’t	want	all	that!”	said	Ginny.	It	was	the	first	time
