School	of	Witchcraft	and	Wizardry.	And	if	the	Dursleys	were	unhappy	to
have	him	back	for	the	holidays,	it	was	nothing	to	how	Harry	felt.
He	missed	Hogwarts	so	much	it	was	like	having	a	constant	stomachache.
He	missed	the	castle,	with	its	secret	passageways	and	ghosts,	his	classes
(though	perhaps	not	Snape,	the	Potions	master),	the	mail	arriving	by	owl,
eating	banquets	in	the	Great	Hall,	sleeping	in	his	four-poster	bed	in	the	tower
dormitory,	visiting	the	gamekeeper,	Hagrid,	in	his	cabin	next	to	the	Forbidden
Forest	in	the	grounds,	and,	especially,	Quidditch,	the	most	popular	sport	in	the
Wizarding	world	(six	tall	goalposts,	four	flying	balls,	and	fourteen	players	on
broomsticks).
All	 Harry’s	 spellbooks,	 his	 wand,	 robes,	 cauldron,	 and	 top-of-the-line
Nimbus	Two	Thousand	broomstick	had	been	locked	in	a	cupboard	under	the
stairs	 by	 Uncle	 Vernon	 the	 instant	 Harry	 had	 come	 home.	 What	 did	 the
Dursleys	care	if	Harry	lost	his	place	on	the	House	Quidditch	team	because	he
hadn’t	practiced	all	summer?	What	was	it	to	the	Dursleys	if	Harry	went	back
to	 school	 without	 any	 of	 his	 homework	 done?	 The	 Dursleys	 were	 what
wizards	called	Muggles	(not	a	drop	of	magical	blood	in	their	veins),	and	as	far
as	they	were	concerned,	having	a	wizard	in	the	family	was	a	matter	of	deepest
shame.	Uncle	Vernon	had	even	padlocked	Harry’s	owl,	Hedwig,	inside	her
cage,	to	stop	her	from	carrying	messages	to	anyone	in	the	Wizarding	world.
Harry	looked	nothing	like	the	rest	of	the	family.	Uncle	Vernon	was	large
and	neckless,	with	an	enormous	black	mustache;	Aunt	Petunia	was	horse-
faced	and	bony;	Dudley	was	blond,	pink,	and	porky.	Harry,	on	the	other	hand,
was	small	and	skinny,	with	brilliant	green	eyes	and	jet-black	hair	that	was
always	 untidy.	 He	 wore	 round	 glasses,	 and	 on	 his	 forehead	 was	 a	 thin,
lightning-shaped	scar.
It	was	this	scar	that	made	Harry	so	particularly	unusual,	even	for	a	wizard.
This	scar	was	the	only	hint	of	Harry’s	very	mysterious	past,	of	the	reason	he
had	been	left	on	the	Dursleys’	doorstep	eleven	years	before.
At	the	age	of	one	year	old,	Harry	had	somehow	survived	a	curse	from	the
greatest	Dark	sorcerer	of	all	time,	Lord	Voldemort,	whose	name	most	witches
and	wizards	still	feared	to	speak.	Harry’s	parents	had	died	in	Voldemort’s