=== PDF page 545 ===
seen	the	real	you,	I	saw	you	last	year.	You’re	a	wreck.	You’re	barely	alive.
That’s	where	all	your	power	got	you.	You’re	in	hiding.	You’re	ugly,	you’re
foul	—”
Riddle’s	face	contorted.	Then	he	forced	it	into	an	awful	smile.
“So.	Your	mother	died	to	save	you.	Yes,	that’s	a	powerful	counter-charm.	I
can	see	now	.	.	.	there	is	nothing	special	about	you,	after	all.	I	wondered,	you
see.	Because	there	are	strange	likenesses	between	us,	Harry	Potter.	Even	you
must	have	noticed.	Both	half-bloods,	orphans,	raised	by	Muggles.	Probably
the	only	two	Parselmouths	to	come	to	Hogwarts	since	the	great	Slytherin
himself.	We	even	
look	
something	alike.	.	.	.	But	after	all,	it	was	merely	a	lucky
chance	that	saved	you	from	me.	That’s	all	I	wanted	to	know.”
Harry	 stood,	 tense,	 waiting	 for	 Riddle	 to	 raise	 his	 wand.	 But	 Riddle’s
twisted	smile	was	widening	again.
“Now,	Harry,	I’m	going	to	teach	you	a	little	lesson.	Let’s	match	the	powers
of	Lord	Voldemort,	Heir	of	Salazar	Slytherin,	against	famous	Harry	Potter,
and	the	best	weapons	Dumbledore	can	give	him.	.	.	.”
He	cast	an	amused	eye	over	Fawkes	and	the	Sorting	Hat,	then	walked
away.	Harry,	fear	spreading	up	his	numb	legs,	watched	Riddle	stop	between
the	high	pillars	and	look	up	into	the	stone	face	of	Slytherin,	high	above	him	in
the	half-darkness.	Riddle	opened	his	mouth	wide	and	hissed	—	but	Harry
understood	what	he	was	saying.	.	.	.
“Speak	to	me,	Slytherin,	greatest	of	the	Hogwarts	Four.”
Harry	wheeled	around	to	look	up	at	the	statue,	Fawkes	swaying	on	his
shoulder.
Slytherin’s	gigantic	stone	face	was	moving.	Horrorstruck,	Harry	saw	his
mouth	opening,	wider	and	wider,	to	make	a	huge	black	hole.
And	 something	 was	 stirring	 inside	 the	 statue’s	 mouth.	 Something	 was
slithering	up	from	its	depths.
Harry	backed	away	until	he	hit	the	dark	Chamber	wall,	and	as	he	shut	his
eyes	tight	he	felt	Fawkes’	wing	sweep	his	cheek	as	he	took	flight.	Harry
wanted	to	shout,	“Don’t	leave	me!”	but	what	chance	did	a	phoenix	have
