=== PDF page 541 ===
I	thought	
someone
	must	realize	that	Hagrid	couldn’t	possibly	be	the	Heir	of
Slytherin.	It	had	taken	
me
	five	whole	years	to	find	out	everything	I	could
about	the	Chamber	of	Secrets	and	discover	the	secret	entrance	.	.	.	as	though
Hagrid	had	the	brains,	or	the	power!
“Only	the	Transfiguration	teacher,	Dumbledore,	seemed	to	think	Hagrid
was	 innocent.	 He	 persuaded	 Dippet	 to	 keep	 Hagrid	 and	 train	 him	 as
gamekeeper.	Yes,	I	think	Dumbledore	might	have	guessed.	.	.	.	Dumbledore
never	seemed	to	like	me	as	much	as	the	other	teachers	did.	.	.	.”
“I	bet	Dumbledore	saw	right	through	you,”	said	Harry,	his	teeth	gritted.
“Well,	he	certainly	kept	an	annoyingly	close	watch	on	me	after	Hagrid	was
expelled,”	said	Riddle	carelessly.	“I	knew	it	wouldn’t	be	safe	to	open	the
Chamber	again	while	I	was	still	at	school.	But	I	wasn’t	going	to	waste	those
long	 years	 I’d	 spent	 searching	 for	 it.	 I	 decided	 to	 leave	 behind	 a	 diary,
preserving	my	sixteen-year-old	self	in	its	pages,	so	that	one	day,	with	luck,	I
would	be	able	to	lead	another	in	my	footsteps,	and	finish	Salazar	Slytherin’s
noble	work.”
“Well,	you	haven’t	finished	it,”	said	Harry	triumphantly.	“No	one’s	died
this	time,	not	even	the	cat.	In	a	few	hours	the	Mandrake	Draught	will	be	ready
and	everyone	who	was	Petrified	will	be	all	right	again	—”
“Haven’t	I	already	told	you,”	said	Riddle	quietly,	“that	killing	Mudbloods
doesn’t	matter	to	me	anymore?	For	many	months	now,	my	new	target	has
been	—	
you.
”
Harry	stared	at	him.
“Imagine	how	angry	I	was	when	the	next	time	my	diary	was	opened,	it	was
Ginny	who	was	writing	to	me,	not	you.	She	saw	you	with	the	diary,	you	see,
and	panicked.	What	if	you	found	out	how	to	work	it,	and	I	repeated	all	her
secrets	 to	 you?	 What	 if,	 even	 worse,	 I	 told	 you	 who’d	 been	 strangling
roosters?	So	the	foolish	little	brat	waited	until	your	dormitory	was	deserted
and	stole	it	back.	But	I	knew	what	I	must	do.	It	was	clear	to	me	that	you	were
on	the	trail	of	Slytherin’s	heir.	From	everything	Ginny	had	told	me	about	you,
I	knew	you	would	go	to	any	lengths	to	solve	the	mystery	—	particularly	if	one
of	your	best	friends	was	attacked.	And	Ginny	had	told	me	the	whole	school
