=== PDF page 649 ===
He	and	Hermione	sat	down	on	either	side	of	Ron,	who	had	saved	them
seats.
“What	was	all	that	about?”	he	muttered	to	Harry.
Harry	started	to	explain	in	a	whisper,	but	at	that	moment	the	headmaster
stood	up	to	speak,	and	he	broke	off.
Professor	 Dumbledore,	 though	 very	 old,	 always	 gave	 an	 impression	 of
great	energy.	He	had	several	feet	of	long	silver	hair	and	beard,	half-moon
spectacles,	and	an	extremely	crooked	nose.	He	was	often	described	as	the
greatest	wizard	of	the	age,	but	that	wasn’t	why	Harry	respected	him.	You
couldn’t	help	trusting	Albus	Dumbledore,	and	as	Harry	watched	him	beaming
around	at	the	students,	he	felt	really	calm	for	the	first	time	since	the	dementor
had	entered	the	train	compartment.
“Welcome!”	said	Dumbledore,	the	candlelight	shimmering	on	his	beard.
“Welcome	to	another	year	at	Hogwarts!	I	have	a	few	things	to	say	to	you	all,
and	as	one	of	them	is	very	serious,	I	think	it	best	to	get	it	out	of	the	way
before	you	become	befuddled	by	our	excellent	feast.	.	.	.”
Dumbledore	cleared	his	throat	and	continued,	“As	you	will	all	be	aware
after	their	search	of	the	Hogwarts	Express,	our	school	is	presently	playing
host	to	some	of	the	dementors	of	Azkaban,	who	are	here	on	Ministry	of
Magic	business.”
He	 paused,	 and	 Harry	 remembered	 what	 Mr.	 Weasley	 had	 said	 about
Dumbledore	not	being	happy	with	the	dementors	guarding	the	school.
“They	 are	 stationed	 at	 every	 entrance	 to	 the	 grounds,”	 Dumbledore
continued,	“and	while	they	are	with	us,	I	must	make	it	plain	that	nobody	is	to
leave	school	without	permission.	Dementors	are	not	to	be	fooled	by	tricks	or
disguises	—	or	even	Invisibility	Cloaks,”	he	added	blandly,	and	Harry	and
Ron	glanced	at	each	other.	“It	is	not	in	the	nature	of	a	dementor	to	understand
pleading	or	excuses.	I	therefore	warn	each	and	every	one	of	you	to	give	them
no	reason	to	harm	you.	I	look	to	the	prefects,	and	our	new	Head	Boy	and	Girl,
to	make	sure	that	no	student	runs	afoul	of	the	dementors,”	he	said.
Percy,	who	was	sitting	a	few	seats	down	from	Harry,	puffed	out	his	chest
