=== PDF page 632 ===
Mr.	Weasley	kept	close	to	Harry’s	elbow	all	the	way	into	the	station.
“Right	then,”	he	said,	glancing	around	them.	“Let’s	do	this	in	pairs,	as	there
are	so	many	of	us.	I’ll	go	through	first	with	Harry.”
Mr.	Weasley	strolled	toward	the	barrier	between	platforms	nine	and	ten,
pushing	Harry’s	trolley	and	apparently	very	interested	in	the	InterCity	125
that	had	just	arrived	at	platform	nine.	With	a	meaningful	look	at	Harry,	he
leaned	casually	against	the	barrier.	Harry	imitated	him.
In	 a	 moment,	 they	 had	 fallen	 sideways	 through	 the	 solid	 metal	 onto
platform	nine	and	three-quarters	and	looked	up	to	see	the	Hogwarts	Express,	a
scarlet	steam	engine,	puffing	smoke	over	a	platform	packed	with	witches	and
wizards	seeing	their	children	onto	the	train.
Percy	and	Ginny	suddenly	appeared	behind	Harry.	They	were	panting	and
had	apparently	taken	the	barrier	at	a	run.
“Ah,	there’s	Penelope!”	said	Percy,	smoothing	his	hair	and	going	pink
again.	Ginny	caught	Harry’s	eye,	and	they	both	turned	away	to	hide	their
laughter	as	Percy	strode	over	to	a	girl	with	long,	curly	hair,	walking	with	his
chest	thrown	out	so	that	she	couldn’t	miss	his	shiny	badge.
Once	the	remaining	Weasleys	and	Hermione	had	joined	them,	Harry	and
Ron	led	the	way	to	the	end	of	the	train,	past	packed	compartments,	to	a
carriage	that	 looked	quite	 empty.	They	 loaded	the	 trunks	onto	 it,	 stowed
Hedwig	and	Crookshanks	in	the	luggage	rack,	then	went	back	outside	to	say
good-bye	to	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Weasley.
Mrs.	Weasley	kissed	all	her	children,	then	Hermione,	and	finally,	Harry.	He
was	embarrassed,	but	really	quite	pleased,	when	she	gave	him	an	extra	hug.
“Do	take	care,	won’t	you,	Harry?”	she	said	as	she	straightened	up,	her	eyes
oddly	bright.	Then	she	opened	her	enormous	handbag	and	said,	“I’ve	made
you	all	sandwiches.	.	.	.	Here	you	are,	Ron	.	.	.	no,	they’re	not	corned	beef.	.	.	.
Fred?	Where’s	Fred?	Here	you	are,	dear.	.	.	.”
“Harry,”	said	Mr.	Weasley	quietly,	“come	over	here	a	moment.”
He	jerked	his	head	toward	a	pillar,	and	Harry	followed	him	behind	it,
leaving	the	others	crowded	around	Mrs.	Weasley.
