=== PDF page 660 ===
away,	 then	 give	 your	 cup	 to	 your	 partner	 to	 read.	 You	 will	 interpret	 the
patterns	using	pages	five	and	six	of	
Unfogging	the	Future.
	 I	 shall	 move
among	you,	helping	and	instructing.	Oh,	and	dear”	—	
she	caught	Neville	by
the	arm	as	he	made	to	stand	up	—	“after	you’ve	broken	your	first	cup,	would
you	be	so	kind	as	to	select	one	of	the	blue-patterned	ones?	I’m	rather	attached
to	the	pink.”
Sure	enough,	Neville	had	no	sooner	reached	the	shelf	of	teacups	when	there
was	 a	 tinkle	 of	 breaking	 china.	 Professor	 Trelawney	 swept	 over	 to	 him
holding	a	dustpan	and	brush	and	said,	“One	of	the	blue	ones,	then,	dear,	if	you
wouldn’t	mind	.	.	.	thank	you.	.	.	.”
When	Harry	and	Ron	had	had	their	teacups	filled,	they	went	back	to	their
table	 and	 tried	 to	 drink	 the	 scalding	 tea	 quickly.	 They	 swilled	 the	 dregs
around	as	Professor	Trelawney	had	instructed,	then	drained	the	cups	and
swapped	them.
“Right,”	said	Ron	as	they	both	opened	their	books	at	pages	five	and	six.
“What	can	you	see	in	mine?”
“A	load	of	soggy	brown	stuff,”	said	Harry.	The	heavily	perfumed	smoke	in
the	room	was	making	him	feel	sleepy	and	stupid.
“Broaden	 your	 minds,	 my	 dears,	 and	 allow	 your	 eyes	 to	 see	 past	 the
mundane!”	Professor	Trelawney	cried	through	the	gloom.
Harry	tried	to	pull	himself	together.
“Right,	you’ve	got	a	crooked	sort	of	cross	.	.	.”	He	consulted	
Unfogging	the
Future.
	“That	means	you’re	going	to	have	‘trials	and	suffering’	—	sorry	about
that	—	but	there’s	a	thing	that	could	be	the	sun	.	.	.	hang	on	.	.	.	that	means
‘great	happiness’	.	.	.	so	you’re	going	to	suffer	but	be	very	happy.	.	.	.”
“You	need	your	Inner	Eye	tested,	if	you	ask	me,”	said	Ron,	and	they	both
had	to	stifle	their	laughs	as	Professor	Trelawney	gazed	in	their	direction.
“My	turn	.	.	.”	Ron	peered	into	Harry’s	teacup,	his	forehead	wrinkled	with
effort.	“There’s	a	blob	a	bit	like	a	bowler	hat,”	he	said.	“Maybe	you’re	going
to	work	for	the	Ministry	of	Magic.	.	.	.”
He	turned	the	teacup	the	other	way	up.
