=== PDF page 670 ===
yeh	don’	pull	any	of	his	feathers	out,	he	won’	like	that.	.	.	.”
Harry	put	his	foot	on	the	top	of	Buckbeak’s	wing	and	hoisted	himself	onto
its	back.	Buckbeak	stood	up.	Harry	wasn’t	sure	where	to	hold	on;	everything
in	front	of	him	was	covered	with	feathers.
“Go	on,	then!”	roared	Hagrid,	slapping	the	hippogriff’s	hindquarters.
Without	warning,	twelve-foot	wings	flapped	open	on	either	side	of	Harry;
he	just	had	time	to	seize	the	hippogriff	around	the	neck	before	he	was	soaring
upward.	It	was	nothing	like	a	broomstick,	and	Harry	knew	which	one	he
preferred;	the	hippogriff’s	wings	beat	uncomfortably	on	either	side	of	him,
catching	him	under	his	legs	and	making	him	feel	he	was	about	to	be	thrown
off;	the	glossy	feathers	slipped	under	his	fingers	and	he	didn’t	dare	get	a
stronger	grip;	instead	of	the	smooth	action	of	his	Nimbus	Two	Thousand,	he
now	felt	himself	rocking	backward	and	forward	as	the	hindquarters	of	the
hippogriff	rose	and	fell	with	its	wings.
Buckbeak	flew	him	once	around	the	paddock	and	then	headed	back	to	the
ground;	this	was	the	bit	Harry	had	been	dreading;	he	leaned	back	as	the
smooth	neck	lowered,	feeling	he	was	going	to	slip	off	over	the	beak,	then	felt
a	heavy	thud	as	the	four	ill-assorted	feet	hit	the	ground.	He	just	managed	to
hold	on	and	push	himself	straight	again.
“Good	work,	Harry!”	roared	Hagrid	as	everyone	except	Malfoy,	Crabbe,
and	Goyle	cheered.	“Okay,	who	else	wants	a	go?”
Emboldened	by	Harry’s	success,	the	rest	of	the	class	climbed	cautiously
into	the	paddock.	Hagrid	untied	the	hippogriffs	one	by	one,	and	soon	people
were	 bowing	 nervously,	 all	 over	 the	 paddock.	 Neville	 ran	 repeatedly
backward	from	his,	which	didn’t	seem	to	want	to	bend	its	knees.	Ron	and
Hermione	practiced	on	the	chestnut,	while	Harry	watched.
Malfoy,	Crabbe,	and	Goyle	had	taken	over	Buckbeak.	He	had	bowed	to
Malfoy,	who	was	now	patting	his	beak,	looking	disdainful.
“This	is	very	easy,”	Malfoy	drawled,	loud	enough	for	Harry	to	hear	him.	“I
knew	it	must	have	been,	if	Potter	could	do	it.	.	.	.	I	bet	you’re	not	dangerous	at
all,	are	you?”	he	said	to	the	hippogriff.	“Are	you,	you	great	ugly	brute?”
