=== PDF page 657 ===
pony,	gave	up,	and	cried,	“On	foot	then,	good	sirs	and	gentle	lady!	On!	On!”
And	he	ran,	clanking	loudly,	into	the	left	side	of	the	frame	and	out	of	sight.
They	hurried	after	him	along	the	corridor,	following	the	sound	of	his	armor.
Every	now	and	then	they	spotted	him	running	through	a	picture	ahead.
“Be	of	stout	heart,	the	worst	is	yet	to	come!”	yelled	the	knight,	and	they
saw	him	reappear	in	front	of	an	alarmed	group	of	women	in	crinolines,	whose
picture	hung	on	the	wall	of	a	narrow	spiral	staircase.
Puffing	loudly,	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	climbed	the	tightly	spiraling
steps,	getting	dizzier	and	dizzier,	until	at	last	they	heard	the	murmur	of	voices
above	them	and	knew	they	had	reached	the	classroom.
“Farewell!”	cried	the	knight,	popping	his	head	into	a	painting	of	some
sinister-looking	monks.	“Farewell,	my	comrades-in-arms!	If	ever	you	have
need	of	noble	heart	and	steely	sinew,	call	upon	Sir	Cadogan!”
“Yeah,	we’ll	call	you,”	muttered	Ron	as	the	knight	disappeared,	“if	we	ever
need	someone	mental.”
They	climbed	the	last	few	steps	and	emerged	onto	a	tiny	landing,	where
most	 of	 the	 class	 was	 already	 assembled.	 There	 were	 no	 doors	 off	 this
landing,	but	Ron	nudged	Harry	and	pointed	at	the	ceiling,	where	there	was	a
circular	trapdoor	with	a	brass	plaque	on	it.
“‘Sybill	 Trelawney,	 Divination	 teacher,’”	 Harry	 read.	 “How’re	 we
supposed	to	get	up	there?”
As	though	in	answer	to	his	question,	the	trapdoor	suddenly	opened,	and	a
silvery	ladder	descended	right	at	Harry’s	feet.	Everyone	got	quiet.
“After	you,”	said	Ron,	grinning,	so	Harry	climbed	the	ladder	first.
He	emerged	into	the	strangest-looking	classroom	he	had	ever	seen.	In	fact,
it	didn’t	look	like	a	classroom	at	all,	more	like	a	cross	between	someone’s
attic	and	an	old-fashioned	tea	shop.	At	least	twenty	small,	circular	tables	were
crammed	inside	it,	all	surrounded	by	chintz	armchairs	and	fat	little	poufs.
Everything	was	lit	with	a	dim,	crimson	light;	the	curtains	at	the	windows	were
all	closed,	and	the	many	lamps	were	draped	with	dark	red	scarves.	It	was
