=== PDF page 659 ===
bangs	and	smells	and	sudden	disappearings,	are	yet	unable	to	penetrate	the
veiled	mysteries	of	the	future,”	Professor	Trelawney	went	on,	her	enormous,
gleaming	eyes	moving	from	face	to	nervous	face.	“It	is	a	Gift	granted	to	few.
You,	boy,”	she	said	suddenly	to	Neville,	who	almost	toppled	off	his	pouf.	“Is
your	grandmother	well?”
“I	think	so,”	said	Neville	tremulously.
“I	wouldn’t	be	so	sure	if	I	were	you,	dear,”	said	Professor	Trelawney,	the
firelight	 glinting	 on	 her	 long	 emerald	 earrings.	 Neville	 gulped.	 Professor
Trelawney	continued	placidly.	“We	will	be	covering	the	basic	methods	of
Divination	this	year.	The	first	term	will	be	devoted	to	reading	the	tea	leaves.
Next	term	we	shall	progress	to	palmistry.	By	the	way,	my	dear,”	she	shot
suddenly	at	Parvati	Patil,	“beware	a	red-haired	man.”
Parvati	gave	a	startled	look	at	Ron,	who	was	right	behind	her,	and	edged
her	chair	away	from	him.
“In	the	second	term,”	Professor	Trelawney	went	on,	“we	shall	progress	to
the	crystal	ball	—	if	we	have	finished	with	fire	omens,	that	is.	Unfortunately,
classes	will	be	disrupted	in	February	by	a	nasty	bout	of	flu.	I	myself	will	lose
my	voice.	And	around	Easter,	one	of	our	number	will	leave	us	forever.”
A	very	tense	silence	followed	this	pronouncement,	but	Professor	Trelawney
seemed	unaware	of	it.
“I	wonder,	dear,”	she	said	to	Lavender	Brown,	who	was	nearest	and	shrank
back	in	her	chair,	“if	you	could	pass	me	the	largest	silver	teapot?”
Lavender,	looking	relieved,	stood	up,	took	an	enormous	teapot	from	the
shelf,	and	put	it	down	on	the	table	in	front	of	Professor	Trelawney.
“Thank	you,	my	dear.	Incidentally,	that	thing	you	are	dreading	—	it	will
happen	on	Friday	the	sixteenth	of	October.”
Lavender	trembled.
“Now,	I	want	you	all	to	divide	into	pairs.	Collect	a	teacup	from	the	shelf,
come	to	me,	and	I	will	fill	it.	Then	sit	down	and	drink,	drink	until	only	the
dregs	remain.	Swill	these	around	the	cup	three	times	with	the	left	hand,	then
turn	the	cup	upside	down	on	its	saucer,	wait	for	the	last	of	the	tea	to	drain
