=== PDF page 658 ===
stiflingly	warm,	and	the	fire	that	was	burning	under	the	crowded	mantelpiece
was	giving	off	a	heavy,	sickly	sort	of	perfume	as	it	heated	a	large	copper
kettle.	The	shelves	running	around	the	circular	walls	were	crammed	with
dusty-looking	feathers,	stubs	of	candles,	many	packs	of	tattered	playing	cards,
countless	silvery	crystal	balls,	and	a	huge	array	of	teacups.
Ron	appeared	at	Harry’s	shoulder	as	the	class	assembled	around	them,	all
talking	in	whispers.
“Where	is	she?”	Ron	said.
A	voice	came	suddenly	out	of	the	shadows,	a	soft,	misty	sort	of	voice.
“Welcome,”	it	said.	“How	nice	to	see	you	in	the	physical	world	at	last.”
Harry’s	immediate	impression	was	of	a	large,	glittering	insect.	Professor
Trelawney	moved	into	the	firelight,	and	they	saw	that	she	was	very	thin;	her
large	glasses	magnified	her	eyes	to	several	times	their	natural	size,	and	she
was	draped	in	a	gauzy	spangled	shawl.	Innumerable	chains	and	beads	hung
around	her	spindly	neck,	and	her	arms	and	hands	were	encrusted	with	bangles
and	rings.
“Sit,	 my	 children,	 sit,”	 she	 said,	 and	 they	 all	 climbed	 awkwardly	 into
armchairs	 or	 sank	 onto	 poufs.	 Harry,	 Ron,	 and	 Hermione	 sat	 themselves
around	the	same	round	table.
“Welcome	 to	 Divination,”	 said	 Professor	 Trelawney,	 who	 had	 seated
herself	in	a	winged	armchair	in	front	of	the	fire.	“My	name	is	Professor
Trelawney.	You	may	not	have	seen	me	before.	I	find	that	descending	too	often
into	the	hustle	and	bustle	of	the	main	school	clouds	my	Inner	Eye.”
Nobody	 said	 anything	 to	 this	 extraordinary	 pronouncement.	 Professor
Trelawney	 delicately	 rearranged	 her	 shawl	 and	 continued,	 “So	 you	 have
chosen	to	study	Divination,	the	most	difficult	of	all	magical	arts.	I	must	warn
you	at	the	outset	that	if	you	do	not	have	the	Sight,	there	is	very	little	I	will	be
able	to	teach	you.	Books	can	take	you	only	so	far	in	this	field.	.	.	.”
At	these	words,	both	Harry	and	Ron	glanced,	grinning,	at	Hermione,	who
looked	startled	at	the	news	that	books	wouldn’t	be	much	help	in	this	subject.
“Many	witches	and	wizards,	talented	though	they	are	in	the	area	of	loud
