=== PDF page 840 ===
Hagrid	presided	over	the	Care	of	Magical	Creatures	exam	the	following
morning	with	a	very	preoccupied	air	indeed;	his	heart	didn’t	seem	to	be	in	it
at	all.	He	had	provided	a	large	tub	of	fresh	flobberworms	for	the	class,	and
told	them	that	to	pass	the	test,	their	flobberworm	had	to	still	be	alive	at	the
end	of	one	hour.	As	flobberworms	flourished	best	if	left	to	their	own	devices,
it	was	the	easiest	exam	any	of	them	had	ever	taken,	and	also	gave	Harry,	Ron,
and	Hermione	plenty	of	opportunity	to	speak	to	Hagrid.
“Beaky’s	gettin’	a	bit	depressed,”	Hagrid	told	them,	bending	low	on	the
pretense	of	checking	that	Harry’s	flobberworm	was	still	alive.	“Bin	cooped	up
too	long.	But	still	.	.	.	we’ll	know	day	after	tomorrow	—	one	way	or	the	other
—”
They	had	Potions	that	afternoon,	which	was	an	unqualified	disaster.	Try	as
Harry	might,	he	couldn’t	get	his	Confusing	Concoction	to	thicken,	and	Snape,
standing	watch	with	an	air	of	vindictive	pleasure,	scribbled	something	that
looked	suspiciously	like	a	zero	onto	his	notes	before	moving	away.
Then	came	Astronomy	at	midnight,	up	on	the	tallest	tower;	History	of
Magic	on	Wednesday	morning,	in	which	Harry	scribbled	everything	Florean
Fortescue	had	ever	told	him	about	medieval	witch-hunts,	while	wishing	he
could	have	had	one	of	Fortescue’s	choco-nut	sundaes	with	him	in	the	stifling
classroom.	Wednesday	afternoon	meant	Herbology,	in	the	greenhouses	under
a	baking-hot	sun;	then	back	to	the	common	room	once	more,	with	sunburnt
necks,	thinking	longingly	of	this	time	next	day,	when	it	would	all	be	over.
Their	second	to	last	exam,	on	Thursday	morning,	was	Defense	Against	the
Dark	Arts.	Professor	Lupin	had	compiled	the	most	unusual	exam	any	of	them
had	ever	taken:	a	sort	of	obstacle	course	outside	in	the	sun,	where	they	had	to
wade	across	a	deep	paddling	pool	containing	a	grindylow,	cross	a	series	of
potholes	full	of	Red	Caps,	squish	their	way	across	a	patch	of	marsh	while
ignoring	misleading	directions	from	a	hinkypunk,	then	climb	into	an	old	trunk
and	battle	with	a	new	boggart.
“Excellent,	 Harry,”	 Lupin	 muttered	 as	 Harry	 climbed	 out	 of	 the	 trunk,
grinning.	“Full	marks.”
Flushed	with	his	success,	Harry	hung	around	to	watch	Ron	and	Hermione.
