=== PDF page 839 ===
they’ve	already	decided!”
“Yeah,	it	does,”	said	Harry	slowly.
“They	can’t!”	Ron	howled.	“I’ve	spent	
ages
	reading	up	on	stuff	for	him;
they	can’t	just	ignore	it	all!”
But	Harry	had	a	horrible	feeling	that	the	Committee	for	the	Disposal	of
Dangerous	Creatures	had	had	its	mind	made	up	for	it	by	Mr.	Malfoy.	Draco,
who	had	been	noticeably	subdued	since	Gryffindor’s	triumph	in	the	Quidditch
final,	seemed	to	regain	some	of	his	old	swagger	over	the	next	few	days.	From
sneering	 comments	 Harry	 overheard,	 Malfoy	 was	 certain	 Buckbeak	 was
going	to	be	killed,	and	seemed	thoroughly	pleased	with	himself	for	bringing	it
about.	It	was	all	Harry	could	do	to	stop	himself	imitating	Hermione	and
hitting	Malfoy	in	the	face	on	these	occasions.	And	the	worst	thing	of	all	was
that	they	had	no	time	or	opportunity	to	go	and	see	Hagrid,	because	the	strict
new	security	measures	had	not	been	lifted,	and	Harry	didn’t	dare	retrieve	his
Invisibility	Cloak	from	below	the	one-eyed	witch.
Exam	week	began	and	an	unnatural	hush	fell	over	the	castle.	The	third	years
emerged	from	Transfiguration	at	lunchtime	on	Monday,	limp	and	ashen-faced,
comparing	results	and	bemoaning	the	difficulty	of	the	tasks	they	had	been	set,
which	had	included	turning	a	teapot	into	a	tortoise.	Hermione	irritated	the	rest
by	fussing	about	how	her	tortoise	had	looked	more	like	a	turtle,	which	was	the
least	of	everyone	else’s	worries.
“Mine	still	had	a	spout	for	a	tail,	what	a	nightmare.	.	.	.”
“Were	the	tortoises	
supposed
	to	breathe	steam?”
“It	still	had	a	willow-patterned	shell,	d’you	think	that’ll	count	against	me?”
Then,	after	a	hasty	lunch,	it	was	straight	back	upstairs	for	the	Charms
exam.	Hermione	had	been	right;	Professor	Flitwick	did	indeed	test	them	on
Cheering	Charms.	Harry	slightly	overdid	his	out	of	nerves	and	Ron,	who	was
partnering	him,	ended	up	in	fits	of	hysterical	laughter	and	had	to	be	led	away
to	a	quiet	room	for	an	hour	before	he	was	ready	to	perform	the	charm	himself.
After	dinner,	the	students	hurried	back	to	their	common	rooms,	not	to	relax,
but	to	start	studying	for	Care	of	Magical	Creatures,	Potions,	and	Astronomy.
