=== PDF page 842 ===
behind	him.	One	was	so	ancient	he	appeared	to	be	withering	before	their	very
eyes;	the	other	was	tall	and	strapping,	with	a	thin	black	mustache.	Harry
gathered	that	they	were	representatives	of	the	Committee	for	the	Disposal	of
Dangerous	Creatures,	because	the	very	old	wizard	squinted	toward	Hagrid’s
cabin	and	said	in	a	feeble	voice,	“Dear,	dear,	I’m	getting	too	old	for	this.	.	.	.
Two	o’clock,	isn’t	it,	Fudge?”
The	 black-mustached	 man	 was	 fingering	 something	 in	 his	 belt;	 Harry
looked	and	saw	that	he	was	running	one	broad	thumb	along	the	blade	of	a
shining	axe.	Ron	opened	his	mouth	to	say	something,	but	Hermione	nudged
him	hard	in	the	ribs	and	jerked	her	head	toward	the	entrance	hall.
“Why’d	you	stop	me?”	said	Ron	angrily	as	they	entered	the	Great	Hall	for
lunch.	 “Did	 you	 see	 them?	 They’ve	 even	 got	 the	 axe	 ready!	 This	 isn’t
justice!”
“Ron,	your	dad	works	for	the	Ministry,	you	can’t	go	saying	things	like	that
to	his	boss!”	said	Hermione,	but	she	too	looked	very	upset.	“As	long	as
Hagrid	keeps	his	head	this	time,	and	argues	his	case	properly,	they	can’t
possibly	execute	Buckbeak.	.	.	.”
But	Harry	could	tell	Hermione	didn’t	really	believe	what	she	was	saying.
All	 around	 them,	 people	 were	 talking	 excitedly	 as	 they	 ate	 their	 lunch,
happily	anticipating	the	end	of	the	exams	that	afternoon,	but	Harry,	Ron,	and
Hermione,	lost	in	worry	about	Hagrid	and	Buckbeak,	didn’t	join	in.
Harry’s	and	Ron’s	last	exam	was	Divination;	Hermione’s,	Muggle	Studies.
They	walked	up	the	marble	staircase	together;	Hermione	left	them	on	the	first
floor	and	Harry	and	Ron	proceeded	all	the	way	up	to	the	seventh,	where	many
of	their	class	were	sitting	on	the	spiral	staircase	to	Professor	Trelawney’s
classroom,	trying	to	cram	in	a	bit	of	last-minute	studying.
“She’s	seeing	us	all	separately,”	Neville	informed	them	as	they	went	to	sit
down	next	to	him.	He	had	his	copy	of	
Unfogging	the	Future
	open	on	his	lap	at
the	pages	devoted	to	crystal	gazing.	“Have	either	of	you	ever	seen	
anything
	in
a	crystal	ball?”	he	asked	them	unhappily.
“Nope,”	said	Ron	in	an	offhand	voice.	He	kept	checking	his	watch;	Harry
knew	that	he	was	counting	down	the	time	until	Buckbeak’s	appeal	started.
