=== PDF page 477 ===
name	T.	M.	Riddle	before,	it	still	seemed	to	mean	something	to	him,	almost	as
though	Riddle	was	a	friend	he’d	had	when	he	was	very	small,	and	had	half-
forgotten.	 But	 this	 was	 absurd.	 He’d	 never	 had	 friends	 before	 Hogwarts,
Dudley	had	made	sure	of	that.
Nevertheless,	Harry	was	determined	to	find	out	more	about	Riddle,	so	next
day	at	break,	he	headed	for	the	trophy	room	to	examine	Riddle’s	special
award,	 accompanied	 by	 an	 interested	 Hermione	 and	 a	 thoroughly
unconvinced	Ron,	who	told	them	he’d	seen	enough	of	the	trophy	room	to	last
him	a	lifetime.
Riddle’s	burnished	gold	shield	was	tucked	away	in	a	corner	cabinet.	It
didn’t	carry	details	of	why	it	had	been	given	to	him	(“Good	thing,	too,	or	it’d
be	even	bigger	and	I’d	still	be	polishing	it,”	said	Ron).	However,	they	did	find
Riddle’s	name	on	an	old	Medal	for	Magical	Merit,	and	on	a	list	of	old	Head
Boys.
“He	sounds	like	Percy,”	said	Ron,	wrinkling	his	nose	in	disgust.	“Prefect,
Head	Boy	.	.	.	probably	top	of	every	class	—”
“You	say	that	like	it’s	a	bad	thing,”	said	Hermione	in	a	slightly	hurt	voice.
The	sun	had	now	begun	to	shine	weakly	on	Hogwarts	again.	Inside	the	castle,
the	mood	had	grown	more	hopeful.	There	had	been	no	more	attacks	since
those	on	Justin	and	Nearly	Headless	Nick,	and	Madam	Pomfrey	was	pleased
to	report	that	the	Mandrakes	were	becoming	moody	and	secretive,	meaning
that	they	were	fast	leaving	childhood.
“The	moment	their	acne	clears	up,	they’ll	be	ready	for	repotting	again,”
Harry	heard	her	telling	Filch	kindly	one	afternoon.	“And	after	that,	it	won’t	be
long	until	we’re	cutting	them	up	and	stewing	them.	You’ll	have	Mrs.	Norris
back	in	no	time.”
Perhaps	the	Heir	of	Slytherin	had	lost	his	or	her	nerve,	thought	Harry.	It
must	be	getting	riskier	and	riskier	to	open	the	Chamber	of	Secrets,	with	the
school	so	alert	and	suspicious.	Perhaps	the	monster,	whatever	it	was,	was
even	now	settling	itself	down	to	hibernate	for	another	fifty	years.	.	.	.
Ernie	Macmillan	of	Hufflepuff	didn’t	take	this	cheerful	view.	He	was	still
