=== PDF page 478 ===
convinced	that	Harry	was	the	guilty	one,	that	he	had	“given	himself	away”	at
the	Dueling	Club.	Peeves	wasn’t	helping	matters;	he	kept	popping	up	in	the
crowded	corridors	singing	“Oh,	Potter,	you	rotter	.	.	.”	now	with	a	dance
routine	to	match.
Gilderoy	Lockhart	seemed	to	think	he	himself	had	made	the	attacks	stop.
Harry	overheard	him	telling	Professor	McGonagall	so	while	the	Gryffindors
were	lining	up	for	Transfiguration.
“I	don’t	think	there’ll	be	any	more	trouble,	Minerva,”	he	said,	tapping	his
nose	knowingly	and	winking.	“I	think	the	Chamber	has	been	locked	for	good
this	time.	The	culprit	must	have	known	it	was	only	a	matter	of	time	before	I
caught	him.	Rather	sensible	to	stop	now,	before	I	came	down	hard	on	him.
“You	know,	what	the	school	needs	now	is	a	morale-booster.	Wash	away	the
memories	of	last	term!	I	won’t	say	any	more	just	now,	but	I	think	I	know	just
the	thing.	.	.	.”
He	tapped	his	nose	again	and	strode	off.
Lockhart’s	 idea	 of	 a	 morale-booster	 became	 clear	 at	 breakfast	 time	 on
February	fourteenth.	Harry	hadn’t	had	much	sleep	because	of	a	late-running
Quidditch	practice	the	night	before,	and	he	hurried	down	to	the	Great	Hall,
slightly	late.	He	thought,	for	a	moment,	that	he’d	walked	through	the	wrong
doors.
The	walls	were	all	covered	with	large,	lurid	pink	flowers.	Worse	still,	heart-
shaped	confetti	was	falling	from	the	pale	blue	ceiling.	Harry	went	over	to	the
Gryffindor	 table,	 where	 Ron	 was	 sitting	 looking	 sickened,	 and	 Hermione
seemed	to	have	been	overcome	with	giggles.
“What’s	going	on?”	Harry	asked	them,	sitting	down	and	wiping	confetti	off
his	bacon.
Ron	 pointed	 to	 the	 teachers’	 table,	 apparently	 too	 disgusted	 to	 speak.
Lockhart,	wearing	lurid	pink	robes	to	match	the	decorations,	was	waving	for
silence.	The	teachers	on	either	side	of	him	were	looking	stony-faced.	From
where	he	sat,	Harry	could	see	a	muscle	going	in	Professor	McGonagall’s
cheek.	Snape	looked	as	though	someone	had	just	fed	him	a	large	beaker	of
