=== PDF page 697 ===
Professor	McGonagall	opened	the	classroom	door	at	that	moment,	which
was	perhaps	lucky;	Hermione	and	Ron	were	looking	daggers	at	each	other,
and	when	they	got	into	class,	they	seated	themselves	on	either	side	of	Harry
and	didn’t	talk	to	each	other	for	the	whole	class.
Harry	 still	 hadn’t	 decided	 what	 he	 was	 going	 to	 say	 to	 Professor
McGonagall	when	the	bell	rang	at	the	end	of	the	lesson,	but	it	was	she	who
brought	up	the	subject	of	Hogsmeade	first.
“One	moment,	please!”	she	called	as	the	class	made	to	leave.	“As	you’re	all
in	my	House,	you	should	hand	Hogsmeade	permission	forms	to	me	before
Halloween.	No	form,	no	visiting	the	village,	so	don’t	forget!”
Neville	put	up	his	hand.
“Please,	Professor,	I	—	I	think	I’ve	lost	—”
“Your	grandmother	sent	yours	to	me	directly,	Longbottom,”	said	Professor
McGonagall.	“She	seemed	to	think	it	was	safer.	Well,	that’s	all,	you	may
leave.”
“Ask	her	now,”	Ron	hissed	at	Harry.
“Oh,	but	—”	Hermione	began.
“Go	for	it,	Harry,”	said	Ron	stubbornly.
Harry	waited	for	the	rest	of	the	class	to	disappear,	then	headed	nervously
for	Professor	McGonagall’s	desk.
“Yes,	Potter?”
Harry	took	a	deep	breath.
“Professor,	my	aunt	and	uncle	—	er	—	forgot	to	sign	my	form,”	he	said.
Professor	McGonagall	looked	over	her	square	spectacles	at	him	but	didn’t
say	anything.
“So	—	er	—	d’you	think	it	would	be	all	right	—	I	mean,	will	it	be	okay	if	I
—	if	I	go	to	Hogsmeade?”
Professor	McGonagall	looked	down	and	began	shuffling	papers	on	her
desk.

=== PDF page 698 ===
“I’m	afraid	not,	Potter,”	she	said.	“You	heard	what	I	said.	No	form,	no
visiting	the	village.	That’s	the	rule.”
“But	—	Professor,	my	aunt	and	uncle	—	you	know,	they’re	Muggles,	they
don’t	really	understand	about	—	about	Hogwarts	forms	and	stuff,”	Harry	said,
while	Ron	egged	him	on	with	vigorous	nods.	“If	you	said	I	could	go	—”
“But	I	don’t	say	so,”	said	Professor	McGonagall,	standing	up	and	piling	her
papers	 neatly	 into	 a	 drawer.	 “The	 form	 clearly	 states	 that	 the	 parent	 or
guardian	must	give	permission.”	She	turned	to	look	at	him,	with	an	odd
expression	on	her	face.	Was	it	pity?	“I’m	sorry,	Potter,	but	that’s	my	final
word.	You	had	better	hurry,	or	you’ll	be	late	for	your	next	lesson.”
There	was	nothing	to	be	done.	Ron	called	Professor	McGonagall	a	lot	of
names	that	greatly	annoyed	Hermione;	Hermione	assumed	an	“all-for-the-
best”	 expression	 that	 made	 Ron	 even	 angrier,	 and	 Harry	 had	 to	 endure
everyone	in	the	class	talking	loudly	and	happily	about	what	they	were	going
to	do	first,	once	they	got	into	Hogsmeade.
“There’s	always	the	feast,”	said	Ron,	in	an	effort	to	cheer	Harry	up.	“You
know,	the	Halloween	feast,	in	the	evening.”
“Yeah,”	said	Harry	gloomily,	“great.”
The	Halloween	feast	was	always	good,	but	it	would	taste	a	lot	better	if	he
was	coming	to	it	after	a	day	in	Hogsmeade	with	everyone	else.	Nothing
anyone	said	made	him	feel	any	better	about	being	left	behind.	Dean	Thomas,
who	was	good	with	a	quill,	had	offered	to	forge	Uncle	Vernon’s	signature	on
the	form,	but	as	Harry	had	already	told	Professor	McGonagall	he	hadn’t	had	it
signed,	that	was	no	good.	Ron	halfheartedly	suggested	the	Invisibility	Cloak,
but	Hermione	stamped	on	that	one,	reminding	Ron	what	Dumbledore	had	told
them	about	the	dementors	being	able	to	see	through	them.	Percy	had	what
were	possibly	the	least	helpful	words	of	comfort.
“They	make	a	fuss	about	Hogsmeade,	but	I	assure	you,	Harry,	it’s	not	all
it’s	cracked	up	to	be,”	he	said	seriously.	“All	right,	the	sweetshop’s	rather
good,	and	Zonko’s	Joke	Shop’s	frankly	dangerous,	and	yes,	the	Shrieking
Shack’s	always	worth	a	visit,	but	really,	Harry,	apart	from	that,	you’re	not
missing	anything.”

=== PDF page 699 ===
On	 Halloween	 morning,	 Harry	 awoke	 with	 the	 rest	 and	 went	 down	 to
breakfast,	feeling	thoroughly	depressed,	though	doing	his	best	to	act	normally.
“We’ll	bring	you	lots	of	sweets	back	from	Honeydukes,”	said	Hermione,
looking	desperately	sorry	for	him.
“Yeah,	 loads,”	 said	 Ron.	 He	 and	 Hermione	 had	 finally	 forgotten	 their
squabble	about	Crookshanks	in	the	face	of	Harry’s	disappointment.
“Don’t	worry	about	me,”	said	Harry,	in	what	he	hoped	was	an	offhand
voice,	“I’ll	see	you	at	the	feast.	Have	a	good	time.”
He	accompanied	them	to	the	entrance	hall,	where	Filch,	the	caretaker,	was
standing	inside	the	front	doors,	checking	off	names	against	a	long	list,	peering
suspiciously	into	every	face,	and	making	sure	that	no	one	was	sneaking	out
who	shouldn’t	be	going.
“Staying	here,	Potter?”	shouted	Malfoy,	who	was	standing	in	line	with
Crabbe	and	Goyle.	“Scared	of	passing	the	dementors?”
Harry	ignored	him	and	made	his	solitary	way	up	the	marble	staircase,
through	the	deserted	corridors,	and	back	to	Gryffindor	Tower.
“Password?”	said	the	Fat	Lady,	jerking	out	of	a	doze.
“Fortuna	Major,”	said	Harry	listlessly.
The	portrait	swung	open	and	he	climbed	through	the	hole	into	the	common
room.	 It	 was	 full	 of	 chattering	 first	 and	 second	 years,	 and	 a	 few	 older
students,	who	had	obviously	visited	Hogsmeade	so	often	the	novelty	had
worn	off.
“Harry!	Harry!	Hi,	Harry!”
It	was	Colin	Creevey,	a	second	year	who	was	deeply	in	awe	of	Harry	and
never	missed	an	opportunity	to	speak	to	him.
“Aren’t	you	going	to	Hogsmeade,	Harry?	Why	not?	Hey”	—	
Colin	looked
eagerly	around	at	his	friends	—	“you	can	come	and	sit	with	us,	if	you	like,
Harry!”
“Er	—	no,	thanks,	Colin,”	said	Harry,	who	wasn’t	in	the	mood	to	have	a	lot
of	people	staring	avidly	at	the	scar	on	his	forehead.	“I	—	I’ve	got	to	go	to	the

=== PDF page 700 ===
library,	got	to	get	some	work	done.”
After	that,	he	had	no	choice	but	to	turn	right	around	and	head	back	out	of
the	portrait	hole	again.
“What	was	the	point	waking	me	up?”	the	Fat	Lady	called	grumpily	after
him	as	he	walked	away.
Harry	 wandered	 dispiritedly	 toward	 the	 library,	 but	 halfway	 there	 he
changed	his	mind;	he	didn’t	feel	like	working.	He	turned	around	and	came
face-to-face	 with	 Filch,	 who	 had	 obviously	 just	 seen	 off	 the	 last	 of	 the
Hogsmeade	visitors.
“What	are	you	doing?”	Filch	snarled	suspiciously.
“Nothing,”	said	Harry	truthfully.
“Nothing!”	spat	Filch,	his	jowls	quivering	unpleasantly.	“A	likely	story!
Sneaking	around	on	your	own	—	why	aren’t	you	in	Hogsmeade	buying	Stink
Pellets	and	Belch	Powder	and	Whizzing	Worms	like	the	rest	of	your	nasty
little	friends?”
Harry	shrugged.
“Well,	get	back	to	your	common	room	where	you	belong!”	snapped	Filch,
and	he	stood	glaring	until	Harry	had	passed	out	of	sight.
But	Harry	didn’t	go	back	to	the	common	room;	he	climbed	a	staircase,
thinking	vaguely	of	visiting	the	Owlery	to	see	Hedwig,	and	was	walking
along	 another	 corridor	 when	 a	 voice	 from	 inside	 one	 of	 the	 rooms	 said,
“Harry?”
Harry	 doubled	 back	 to	 see	 who	 had	 spoken	 and	 met	 Professor	 Lupin,
looking	around	his	office	door.
“What	are	you	doing?”	said	Lupin,	though	in	a	very	different	voice	from
Filch.	“Where	are	Ron	and	Hermione?”
“Hogsmeade,”	said	Harry,	in	a	would-be	casual	voice.
“Ah,”	said	Lupin.	He	considered	Harry	for	a	moment.	“Why	don’t	you
come	in?	I’ve	just	taken	delivery	of	a	grindylow	for	our	next	lesson.”
