=== PDF page 2831 ===
around	his	desk,	took	the	bottle	with	Slughorn’s	memory	in	his	uninjured
hand,	and	strode	over	to	the	cabinet	where	he	kept	the	Pensieve.
“And	now,”	said	Dumbledore,	placing	the	stone	basin	upon	his	desk	and
emptying	the	contents	of	the	bottle	into	it.	“Now,	at	last,	we	shall	see.	Harry,
quickly	.	.	.”
Harry	bowed	obediently	over	the	Pensieve	and	felt	his	feet	leave	the	office
floor.	 .	 .	 .	 Once	 again	 he	 fell	 through	 darkness	 and	 landed	 in	 Horace
Slughorn’s	office	many	years	before.
There	was	the	much	younger	Slughorn,	with	his	thick,	shiny,	straw-colored
hair	and	his	gingery-blond	mustache,	sitting	again	in	the	comfortable	winged
armchair	in	his	office,	his	feet	resting	upon	a	velvet	pouffe,	a	small	glass	of
wine	in	one	hand,	the	other	rummaging	in	a	box	of	crystalized	pineapple.	And
there	were	the	half-dozen	teenage	boys	sitting	around	Slughorn	with	Tom
Riddle	in	the	midst	of	them,	Marvolo’s	gold-and-black	ring	gleaming	on	his
finger.
Dumbledore	landed	beside	Harry	just	as	Riddle	asked,	“Sir,	is	it	true	that
Professor	Merrythought	is	retiring?”
“Tom,	Tom,	if	I	knew	I	couldn’t	tell	you,”	said	Slughorn,	wagging	his
finger	reprovingly	at	Riddle,	though	winking	at	the	same	time.	“I	must	say,
I’d	like	to	know	where	you	get	your	information,	boy,	more	knowledgeable
than	half	the	staff,	you	are.”
Riddle	smiled;	the	other	boys	laughed	and	cast	him	admiring	looks.
“What	with	your	uncanny	ability	to	know	things	you	shouldn’t,	and	your
careful	flattery	of	the	people	who	matter	—	thank	you	for	the	pineapple,	by
the	way,	you’re	quite	right,	it	is	my	favorite	—”
Several	of	the	boys	tittered	again.
“—	I	confidently	expect	you	to	rise	to	Minister	of	Magic	within	twenty
years.	Fifteen,	if	you	keep	sending	me	pineapple,	I	have	
excellent
	contacts	at
the	Ministry.”
Tom	Riddle	merely	smiled	as	the	others	laughed	again.	Harry	noticed	that
he	was	by	no	means	the	eldest	of	the	group	of	boys,	but	that	they	all	seemed

=== PDF page 2832 ===
to	look	to	him	as	their	leader.
“I	don’t	know	that	politics	would	suit	me,	sir,”	he	said	when	the	laughter
had	died	away.	“I	don’t	have	the	right	kind	of	background,	for	one	thing.”
A	couple	of	the	boys	around	him	smirked	at	each	other.	Harry	was	sure
they	were	enjoying	a	private	joke,	undoubtedly	about	what	they	knew,	or
suspected,	regarding	their	gang	leader’s	famous	ancestor.
“Nonsense,”	said	Slughorn	briskly,	“couldn’t	be	plainer	you	come	from
decent	Wizarding	stock,	abilities	like	yours.	No,	you’ll	go	far,	Tom,	I’ve
never	been	wrong	about	a	student	yet.”
The	 small	 golden	 clock	 standing	 upon	 Slughorn’s	 desk	 chimed	 eleven
o’clock	behind	him	and	he	looked	around.
“Good	gracious,	is	it	that	time	already?	You’d	better	get	going,	boys,	or
we’ll	all	be	in	trouble.	Lestrange,	I	want	your	essay	by	tomorrow	or	it’s
detention.	Same	goes	for	you,	Avery.”
One	by	one,	the	boys	filed	out	of	the	room.	Slughorn	heaved	himself	out	of
his	armchair	and	carried	his	empty	glass	over	to	his	desk.	A	movement	behind
him	made	him	look	around;	Riddle	was	still	standing	there.
“Look	sharp,	Tom,	you	don’t	want	to	be	caught	out	of	bed	out	of	hours,	and
you	a	prefect	.	.	.”
“Sir,	I	wanted	to	ask	you	something.”
“Ask	away,	then,	m’boy,	ask	away.	.	.	.”
“Sir,	I	wondered	what	you	know	about	.	.	.	about	Horcruxes?”
Slughorn	stared	at	him,	his	thick	fingers	absentmindedly	caressing	the	stem
of	his	wine	glass.
“Project	for	Defense	Against	the	Dark	Arts,	is	it?”
But	Harry	could	tell	that	Slughorn	knew	perfectly	well	that	this	was	not
schoolwork.
“Not	exactly,	sir,”	said	Riddle.	“I	came	across	the	term	while	reading	and	I
didn’t	fully	understand	it.”

=== PDF page 2833 ===
“No	.	.	.	well	.	.	.	you’d	be	hard-pushed	to	find	a	book	at	Hogwarts	that’ll
give	 you	 details	 on	 Horcruxes,	 Tom,	 that’s	 very	 Dark	 stuff,	 very	 Dark
indeed,”	said	Slughorn.
“But	you	obviously	know	all	about	them,	sir?	I	mean,	a	wizard	like	you	—
sorry,	I	mean,	if	you	can’t	tell	me,	obviously	—	I	just	knew	if	anyone	could
tell	me,	you	could	—	so	I	just	thought	I’d	ask	—”
It	was	very	well	done,	thought	Harry,	the	hesitancy,	the	casual	tone,	the
careful	flattery,	none	of	it	overdone.	He,	Harry,	had	had	too	much	experience
of	trying	to	wheedle	information	out	of	reluctant	people	not	to	recognize	a
master	at	work.	He	could	tell	that	Riddle	wanted	the	information	very,	very
much;	perhaps	had	been	working	toward	this	moment	for	weeks.
“Well,”	said	Slughorn,	not	looking	at	Riddle,	but	fiddling	with	the	ribbon
on	top	of	his	box	of	crystalized	pineapple,	“well,	it	can’t	hurt	to	give	you	an
overview,	of	course.	Just	so	that	you	understand	the	term.	A	Horcrux	is	the
word	used	for	an	object	in	which	a	person	has	concealed	part	of	their	soul.”
“I	don’t	quite	understand	how	that	works,	though,	sir,”	said	Riddle.
His	voice	was	carefully	controlled,	but	Harry	could	sense	his	excitement.
“Well,	you	split	your	soul,	you	see,”	said	Slughorn,	“and	hide	part	of	it	in
an	object	outside	the	body.	Then,	even	if	one’s	body	is	attacked	or	destroyed,
one	cannot	die,	for	part	of	the	soul	remains	earthbound	and	undamaged.	But
of	course,	existence	in	such	a	form	.	.	.”
Slughorn’s	face	crumpled	and	Harry	found	himself	remembering	words	he
had	heard	nearly	two	years	before:	
“I	was	ripped	from	my	body,	I	was	less
than	spirit,	less	than	the	meanest	ghost	.	.	.	but	still,	I	was	alive.”
“.	.	.	few	would	want	it,	Tom,	very	few.	Death	would	be	preferable.”
But	 Riddle’s	 hunger	 was	 now	 apparent;	 his	 expression	 was	 greedy,	 he
could	no	longer	hide	his	longing.
“How	do	you	split	your	soul?”
“Well,”	said	Slughorn	uncomfortably,	“you	must	understand	that	the	soul	is
supposed	to	remain	intact	and	whole.	Splitting	it	is	an	act	of	violation,	it	is

=== PDF page 2834 ===
against	nature.”
“But	how	do	you	do	it?”
“By	an	act	of	evil	—	the	supreme	act	of	evil.	By	committing	murder.
Killing	rips	the	soul	apart.	The	wizard	intent	upon	creating	a	Horcrux	would
use	the	damage	to	his	advantage:	He	would	encase	the	torn	portion	—”
“Encase?	But	how	—	?”
“There	is	a	spell,	do	not	ask	me,	I	don’t	know!”	said	Slughorn,	shaking	his
head	like	an	old	elephant	bothered	by	mosquitoes.	“Do	I	look	as	though	I
have	tried	it	—	do	I	look	like	a	killer?”
“No,	sir,	of	course	not,”	said	Riddle	quickly.	“I’m	sorry	.	.	.	I	didn’t	mean	to
offend	.	.	.”
“Not	at	all,	not	at	all,	not	offended,”	said	Slughorn	gruffly.	“It’s	natural	to
feel	some	curiosity	about	these	things.	.	.	.	Wizards	of	a	certain	caliber	have
always	been	drawn	to	that	aspect	of	magic.	.	.	.”
“Yes,	sir,”	said	Riddle.	“What	I	don’t	understand,	though	—	just	out	of
curiosity	—	I	mean,	would	one	Horcrux	be	much	use?	Can	you	only	split
your	soul	once?	Wouldn’t	it	be	better,	make	you	stronger,	to	have	your	soul	in
more	pieces,	I	mean,	for	instance,	isn’t	seven	the	most	powerfully	magical
number,	wouldn’t	seven	—	?”
“Merlin’s	beard,	Tom!”	yelped	Slughorn.	“Seven!	Isn’t	it	bad	enough	to
think	of	killing	one	person?	And	in	any	case	.	.	.	bad	enough	to	divide	the
soul	.	.	.	but	to	rip	it	into	seven	pieces	.	.	.”
Slughorn	looked	deeply	troubled	now:	He	was	gazing	at	Riddle	as	though
he	 had	 never	 seen	 him	 plainly	 before,	 and	 Harry	 could	 tell	 that	 he	 was
regretting	entering	into	the	conversation	at	all.
“Of	course,”	he	muttered,	“this	is	all	hypothetical,	what	we’re	discussing,
isn’t	it?	All	academic	.	.	.”
“Yes,	sir,	of	course,”	said	Riddle	quickly.
“But	all	the	same,	Tom	.	.	.	keep	it	quiet,	what	I’ve	told	—	that’s	to	say,
what	we’ve	discussed.	People	wouldn’t	like	to	think	we’ve	been	chatting
