=== PDF page 2213 ===
Lupin	returned	with	Sirius	at	his	heels	moments	later.
“What	is	it?”	said	Sirius	urgently,	sweeping	his	long	dark	hair	out	of	his
eyes	and	dropping	to	the	ground	in	front	of	the	fire,	so	that	he	and	Harry	were
on	a	level;	Lupin	knelt	down	too,	looking	very	concerned.	“Are	you	all	right?
Do	you	need	help?”
“No,”	said	Harry,	“it’s	nothing	like	that.	.	.	.	I	just	wanted	to	talk	.	.	.	about
my	dad	.	.	.”
They	exchanged	a	look	of	great	surprise,	but	Harry	did	not	have	time	to
feel	awkward	or	embarrassed;	his	knees	were	becoming	sorer	by	the	second,
and	he	guessed	that	five	minutes	had	already	passed	from	the	start	of	the
diversion	—	George	had	only	guaranteed	him	twenty.	He	therefore	plunged
immediately	into	the	story	of	what	he	had	seen	in	the	Pensieve.
When	he	had	finished,	neither	Sirius	nor	Lupin	spoke	for	a	moment.	Then
Lupin	said	quietly,	“I	wouldn’t	like	you	to	judge	your	father	on	what	you	saw
there,	Harry.	He	was	only	fifteen	—”
“I’m	fifteen!”	said	Harry	heatedly.
“Look,	Harry,”	said	Sirius	placatingly,	“James	and	Snape	hated	each	other
from	the	moment	they	set	eyes	on	each	other,	it	was	just	one	of	those	things,
you	can	understand	that,	can’t	you?	I	think	James	was	everything	Snape
wanted	to	be	—	he	was	popular,	he	was	good	at	Quidditch,	good	at	pretty
much	everything.	And	Snape	was	just	this	little	oddball	who	was	up	to	his
eyes	in	the	Dark	Arts	and	James	—	whatever	else	he	may	have	appeared	to
you,	Harry	—	always	hated	the	Dark	Arts.”
“Yeah,”	said	Harry,	“but	he	just	attacked	Snape	for	no	good	reason,	just
because	—	well,	just	because	you	said	you	were	bored,”	he	finished	with	a
slightly	apologetic	note	in	his	voice.
“I’m	not	proud	of	it,”	said	Sirius	quickly.
Lupin	looked	sideways	at	Sirius	and	then	said,	“Look,	Harry,	what	you’ve
got	to	understand	is	that	your	father	and	Sirius	were	the	best	in	the	school	at
whatever	they	did	—	everyone	thought	they	were	the	height	of	cool	—	if	they
sometimes	got	a	bit	carried	away	—”

=== PDF page 2214 ===
“If	we	were	sometimes	arrogant	little	berks,	you	mean,”	said	Sirius.
Lupin	smiled.
“He	kept	messing	up	his	hair,”	said	Harry	in	a	pained	voice.
Sirius	and	Lupin	laughed.
“I’d	forgotten	he	used	to	do	that,”	said	Sirius	affectionately.
“Was	he	playing	with	the	Snitch?”	said	Lupin	eagerly.
“Yeah,”	 said	 Harry,	 watching	 uncomprehendingly	 as	 Sirius	 and	 Lupin
beamed	reminiscently.	“Well	.	.	.	I	thought	he	was	a	bit	of	an	idiot.”
“Of	course	he	was	a	bit	of	an	idiot!”	said	Sirius	bracingly.	“We	were	all
idiots!	Well	—	not	Moony	so	much,”	he	said	fairly,	looking	at	Lupin,	but
Lupin	shook	his	head.
“Did	I	ever	tell	you	to	lay	off	Snape?”	he	said.	“Did	I	ever	have	the	guts	to
tell	you	I	thought	you	were	out	of	order?”
“Yeah,	 well,”	 said	 Sirius,	 “you	 made	 us	 feel	 ashamed	 of	 ourselves
sometimes.	.	.	.	That	was	something	.	.	.”
“And,”	said	Harry	doggedly,	determined	to	say	everything	that	was	on	his
mind	now	he	was	here,	“he	kept	looking	over	at	the	girls	by	the	lake,	hoping
they	were	watching	him!”
“Oh,	well,	he	always	made	a	fool	of	himself	whenever	Lily	was	around,”
said	Sirius,	shrugging.	“He	couldn’t	stop	himself	showing	off	whenever	he
got	near	her.”
“How	come	she	married	him?”	Harry	asked	miserably.	“She	hated	him!”
“Nah,	she	didn’t,”	said	Sirius.
“She	started	going	out	with	him	in	seventh	year,”	said	Lupin.
“Once	James	had	deflated	his	head	a	bit,”	said	Sirius.
“And	stopped	hexing	people	just	for	the	fun	of	it,”	said	Lupin.
“Even	Snape?”	said	Harry.
“Well,”	said	Lupin	slowly,	“Snape	was	a	special	case.	I	mean,	he	never	lost

=== PDF page 2215 ===
an	opportunity	to	curse	James,	so	you	couldn’t	really	expect	James	to	take
that	lying	down,	could	you?”
“And	my	mum	was	okay	with	that?”
“She	didn’t	know	too	much	about	it,	to	tell	you	the	truth,”	said	Sirius.	“I
mean,	James	didn’t	take	Snape	on	dates	with	her	and	jinx	him	in	front	of	her,
did	he?”
Sirius	frowned	at	Harry,	who	was	still	looking	unconvinced.
“Look,”	he	said,	“your	father	was	the	best	friend	I	ever	had,	and	he	was	a
good	person.	A	lot	of	people	are	idiots	at	the	age	of	fifteen.	He	grew	out	of
it.”
“Yeah,	okay,”	said	Harry	heavily.	“I	just	never	thought	I’d	feel	sorry	for
Snape.”
“Now	you	mention	it,”	said	Lupin,	a	faint	crease	between	his	eyebrows,
“how	did	Snape	react	when	he	found	you’d	seen	all	this?”
“He	 told	 me	 he’d	 never	 teach	 me	 Occlumency	 again,”	 said	 Harry
indifferently,	“like	that’s	a	big	disappoint	—”
“He	WHAT?”	shouted	Sirius,	causing	Harry	to	jump	and	inhale	a	mouthful
of	ashes.
“Are	you	serious,	Harry?”	said	Lupin	quickly.	“He’s	stopped	giving	you
lessons?”
“Yeah,”	said	Harry,	surprised	at	what	he	considered	a	great	overreaction.
“But	it’s	okay,	I	don’t	care,	it’s	a	bit	of	a	relief	to	tell	you	the	—”
“I’m	coming	up	there	to	have	a	word	with	Snape!”	said	Sirius	forcefully
and	he	actually	made	to	stand	up,	but	Lupin	wrenched	him	back	down	again.
“If	anyone’s	going	to	tell	Snape	it	will	be	me!”	he	said	firmly.	“But	Harry,
first	of	all,	you’re	to	go	back	to	Snape	and	tell	him	that	on	no	account	is	he	to
stop	giving	you	lessons	—	when	Dumbledore	hears	—”
“I	can’t	tell	him	that,	he’d	kill	me!”	said	Harry,	outraged.	“You	didn’t	see
him	when	we	got	out	of	the	Pensieve	—”

=== PDF page 2216 ===
“Harry,	there	is	nothing	so	important	as	you	learning	Occlumency!”	said
Lupin	sternly.	“Do	you	understand	me?	Nothing!”
“Okay,	 okay,”	 said	 Harry,	 thoroughly	 discomposed,	 not	 to	 mention
annoyed.	“I’ll	.	.	.	I’ll	try	and	say	something	to	him.	.	.	.	But	it	won’t	be	.	.	.”
He	fell	silent.	He	could	hear	distant	footsteps.
“Is	that	Kreacher	coming	downstairs?”
“No,”	 said	 Sirius,	 glancing	 behind	 him.	 “It	 must	 be	 somebody	 your
end	.	.	.”
Harry’s	heart	skipped	several	beats.
“I’d	better	go!”	he	said	hastily	and	he	pulled	his	head	backward	out	of
Grimmauld	Place’s	fire.	For	a	moment	his	head	seemed	to	be	revolving	on	his
shoulders,	and	then	he	found	himself	kneeling	in	front	of	Umbridge’s	fire
with	his	head	firmly	back	on,	watching	the	emerald	flames	flicker	and	die.
“Quickly,	quickly!”	he	heard	a	wheezy	voice	mutter	right	outside	the	office
door.	“Ah,	she’s	left	it	open	.	.	.”
Harry	dived	for	the	Invisibility	Cloak	and	had	just	managed	to	pull	it	back
over	himself	when	Filch	burst	into	the	office.	He	looked	absolutely	delighted
about	something	and	was	talking	to	himself	feverishly	as	he	crossed	the	room,
pulled	 open	 a	 drawer	 in	 Umbridge’s	 desk,	 and	 began	 rifling	 through	 the
papers	inside	it.
“Approval	for	Whipping	.	.	.	Approval	for	Whipping	.	.	.	I	can	do	it	at
last.	.	.	.	They’ve	had	it	coming	to	them	for	years	.	.	.”
He	pulled	out	a	piece	of	parchment,	kissed	it,	then	shuffled	rapidly	back	out
of	the	door,	clutching	it	to	his	chest.
Harry	 leapt	 to	 his	 feet	 and,	 making	 sure	 that	 he	 had	 his	 bag	 and	 the
Invisibility	Cloak	was	completely	covering	him,	he	wrenched	open	the	door
and	hurried	out	of	the	office	after	Filch,	who	was	hobbling	along	faster	than
Harry	had	ever	seen	him	go.
One	landing	down	from	Umbridge’s	office	and	Harry	thought	it	was	safe	to
become	visible	again;	he	pulled	off	the	Cloak,	shoved	it	in	his	bag	and	hurried
