=== PDF page 2185 ===
He	was	falling	through	cold	blackness,	spinning	furiously	as	he	went,	and
then	—
He	was	standing	in	the	middle	of	the	Great	Hall,	but	the	four	House	tables
were	gone.	Instead	there	were	more	than	a	hundred	smaller	tables,	all	facing
the	same	way,	at	each	of	which	sat	a	student,	head	bent	low,	scribbling	on	a
roll	 of	 parchment.	 The	 only	 sound	 was	 the	 scratching	 of	 quills	 and	 the
occasional	rustle	as	somebody	adjusted	their	parchment.	It	was	clearly	exam
time.
Sunshine	was	streaming	through	the	high	windows	onto	the	bent	heads,
which	shone	chestnut	and	copper	and	gold	in	the	bright	light.	Harry	looked
around	 carefully.	 Snape	 had	 to	 be	 here	 somewhere.	 .	 .	 .	 This	 was	
his
memory.	.	.	.
And	there	he	was,	at	a	table	right	behind	Harry.	Harry	stared.	Snape-the-
teenager	had	a	stringy,	pallid	look	about	him,	like	a	plant	kept	in	the	dark.	His
hair	was	lank	and	greasy	and	was	flopping	onto	the	table,	his	hooked	nose
barely	half	an	inch	from	the	surface	of	the	parchment	as	he	scribbled.	Harry
moved	around	behind	Snape	and	read	the	heading	of	the	examination	paper:
DEFENSE	AGAINST	THE	DARK	ARTS	—	ORDINARY	WIZARDING	LEVEL
So	Snape	had	to	be	fifteen	or	sixteen,	around	Harry’s	own	age.	His	hand
was	flying	across	the	parchment;	he	had	written	at	least	a	foot	more	than	his
closest	neighbors,	and	yet	his	writing	was	minuscule	and	cramped.
“Five	more	minutes!”
The	voice	made	Harry	jump;	turning,	he	saw	the	top	of	Professor	Flitwick’s
head	moving	between	the	desks	a	short	distance	away.	Professor	Flitwick	was
walking	past	a	boy	with	untidy	black	hair	.	.	.	very	untidy	black	hair.	.	.	.
Harry	moved	so	quickly	that,	had	he	been	solid,	he	would	have	knocked
desks	flying.	Instead	he	seemed	to	slide,	dreamlike,	across	two	aisles	and	up	a
third.	The	back	of	the	black-haired	boy’s	head	drew	nearer	and	nearer.	.	.	.	He
was	 straightening	 up	 now,	 putting	 down	 his	 quill,	 pulling	 his	 roll	 of
parchment	toward	him	so	as	to	reread	what	he	had	written.	.	.	.
Harry	stopped	in	front	of	the	desk	and	gazed	down	at	his	fifteen-year-old

=== PDF page 2186 ===
father.
Excitement	exploded	in	the	pit	of	his	stomach:	It	was	as	though	he	was
looking	at	himself	but	with	deliberate	mistakes.	James’s	eyes	were	hazel,	his
nose	was	slightly	longer	than	Harry’s,	and	there	was	no	scar	on	his	forehead,
but	they	had	the	same	thin	face,	same	mouth,	same	eyebrows.	James’s	hair
stuck	 up	 at	 the	 back	 exactly	 as	 Harry’s	 did,	 his	 hands	 could	 have	 been
Harry’s,	and	Harry	could	tell	that	when	James	stood	up,	they	would	be	within
an	inch	of	each	other’s	heights.
James	yawned	hugely	and	rumpled	up	his	hair,	making	it	even	messier	than
it	had	been.	Then,	with	a	glance	toward	Professor	Flitwick,	he	turned	in	his
seat	and	grinned	at	a	boy	sitting	four	seats	behind	him.
With	 another	 shock	 of	 excitement,	 Harry	 saw	 Sirius	 give	 James	 the
thumbs-up.	Sirius	was	lounging	in	his	chair	at	his	ease,	tilting	it	back	on	two
legs.	He	was	very	good-looking;	his	dark	hair	fell	into	his	eyes	with	a	sort	of
casual	elegance	neither	James’s	nor	Harry’s	could	ever	have	achieved,	and	a
girl	sitting	behind	him	was	eyeing	him	hopefully,	though	he	didn’t	seem	to
have	noticed.	And	two	seats	along	from	this	girl	—	Harry’s	stomach	gave
another	pleasurable	squirm	—	was	Remus	Lupin.	He	looked	rather	pale	and
peaky	(was	the	full	moon	approaching?)	and	was	absorbed	in	the	exam:	As	he
reread	his	answers	he	scratched	his	chin	with	the	end	of	his	quill,	frowning
slightly.
So	that	meant	Wormtail	had	to	be	around	here	somewhere	too	.	.	.	and	sure
enough,	Harry	spotted	him	within	seconds:	a	small,	mousy-haired	boy	with	a
pointed	 nose.	 Wormtail	 looked	 anxious;	 he	 was	 chewing	 his	 fingernails,
staring	down	at	his	paper,	scuffing	the	ground	with	his	toes.	Every	now	and
then	he	glanced	hopefully	at	his	neighbor’s	paper.	Harry	stared	at	Wormtail
for	a	moment,	then	back	at	James,	who	was	now	doodling	on	a	bit	of	scrap
parchment.	He	had	drawn	a	Snitch	and	was	now	tracing	the	letters	L.	E.	What
did	they	stand	for?
“Quills	down,	please!”	squeaked	Professor	Flitwick.	“That	means	you	too,
Stebbins!	Please	remain	seated	while	I	collect	your	parchment!	
Accio!
”
More	 than	 a	 hundred	 rolls	 of	 parchment	 zoomed	 into	 the	 air	 and	 into

=== PDF page 2187 ===
Professor	Flitwick’s	outstretched	arms,	knocking	him	backward	off	his	feet.
Several	people	laughed.	A	couple	of	students	at	the	front	desks	got	up,	took
hold	of	Professor	Flitwick	beneath	the	elbows,	and	lifted	him	onto	his	feet
again.
“Thank	 you	 .	 .	 .	 thank	 you,”	 panted	 Professor	 Flitwick.	 “Very	 well,
everybody,	you’re	free	to	go!”
Harry	looked	down	at	his	father,	who	had	hastily	crossed	out	the	L.	E.	he
had	been	embellishing,	jumped	to	his	feet,	stuffed	his	quill	and	the	exam
question	paper	into	his	bag,	which	he	slung	over	his	back,	and	stood	waiting
for	Sirius	to	join	him.
Harry	 looked	 around	 and	 glimpsed	 Snape	 a	 short	 way	 away,	 moving
between	the	tables	toward	the	doors	into	the	entrance	hall,	still	absorbed	in	his
own	 examination	 paper.	 Round-shouldered	 yet	 angular,	 he	 walked	 in	 a
twitchy	manner	that	recalled	a	spider,	his	oily	hair	swinging	about	his	face.
A	gang	of	chattering	girls	separated	Snape	from	James	and	Sirius,	and	by
planting	himself	in	the	midst	of	this	group,	Harry	managed	to	keep	Snape	in
sight	while	straining	his	ears	to	catch	the	voices	of	James	and	his	friends.
“Did	you	like	question	ten,	Moony?”	asked	Sirius	as	they	emerged	into	the
entrance	hall.
“Loved	 it,”	 said	 Lupin	 briskly.	 “‘Give	 five	 signs	 that	 identify	 the
werewolf.’	Excellent	question.”
“D’you	think	you	managed	to	get	all	the	signs?”	said	James	in	tones	of
mock	concern.
“Think	I	did,”	said	Lupin	seriously,	as	they	joined	the	crowd	thronging
around	the	front	doors	eager	to	get	out	into	the	sunlit	grounds.	“One:	He’s
sitting	on	my	chair.	Two:	He’s	wearing	my	clothes.	Three:	His	name’s	Remus
Lupin	.	.	.’”
Wormtail	was	the	only	one	who	didn’t	laugh.
“I	got	the	snout	shape,	the	pupils	of	the	eyes,	and	the	tufted	tail,”	he	said
anxiously,	“but	I	couldn’t	think	what	else	—”

=== PDF page 2188 ===
“How	thick	are	you,	Wormtail?”	said	James	impatiently.	“You	run	round
with	a	werewolf	once	a	month	—”
“Keep	your	voice	down,”	implored	Lupin.
Harry	looked	anxiously	behind	him	again.	Snape	remained	close	by,	still
buried	in	his	examination	questions;	but	this	was	Snape’s	memory,	and	Harry
was	 sure	 that	 if	 Snape	 chose	 to	 wander	 off	 in	 a	 different	 direction	 once
outside	in	the	grounds,	he,	Harry,	would	not	be	able	to	follow	James	any
farther.	To	his	intense	relief,	however,	when	James	and	his	three	friends	strode
off	down	the	lawn	toward	the	lake,	Snape	followed,	still	poring	over	the	paper
and	apparently	with	no	fixed	idea	of	where	he	was	going.	By	jogging	a	little
ahead	of	him,	Harry	managed	to	maintain	a	close	watch	on	James	and	the
others.
“Well,	I	thought	that	paper	was	a	piece	of	cake,”	he	heard	Sirius	say.	“I’ll
be	surprised	if	I	don’t	get	Outstanding	on	it	at	least.”
“Me	 too,”	 said	 James.	 He	 put	 his	 hand	 in	 his	 pocket	 and	 took	 out	 a
struggling	Golden	Snitch.
“Where’d	you	get	that?”
“Nicked	 it,”	 said	 James	 casually.	 He	 started	 playing	 with	 the	 Snitch,
allowing	it	to	fly	as	much	as	a	foot	away	and	seizing	it	again;	his	reflexes
were	excellent.	Wormtail	watched	him	in	awe.
They	stopped	in	the	shade	of	the	very	same	beech	tree	on	the	edge	of	the
lake	where	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	had	spent	a	Sunday	finishing	their
homework,	and	threw	themselves	down	on	the	grass.
Harry	looked	over	his	shoulder	yet	again	and	saw,	to	his	delight,	that	Snape
had	settled	himself	on	the	grass	in	the	dense	shadows	of	a	clump	of	bushes.
He	was	as	deeply	immersed	in	the	O.W.L.	paper	as	ever,	which	left	Harry	free
to	sit	down	on	the	grass	between	the	beech	and	the	bushes	and	watch	the
foursome	under	the	tree.
The	sunlight	was	dazzling	on	the	smooth	surface	of	the	lake,	on	the	bank	of
which	the	group	of	laughing	girls	who	had	just	left	the	Great	Hall	were	sitting
with	shoes	and	socks	off,	cooling	their	feet	in	the	water.

=== PDF page 2189 ===
Lupin	had	pulled	out	a	book	and	was	reading.	Sirius	stared	around	at	the
students	milling	over	the	grass,	looking	rather	haughty	and	bored,	but	very
handsomely	so.	James	was	still	playing	with	the	Snitch,	letting	it	zoom	farther
and	farther	away,	almost	escaping	but	always	grabbed	at	the	last	second.
Wormtail	was	watching	him	with	his	mouth	open.	Every	time	James	made	a
particularly	 difficult	 catch,	 Wormtail	 gasped	 and	 applauded.	 After	 five
minutes	of	this,	Harry	wondered	why	James	didn’t	tell	Wormtail	to	get	a	grip
on	himself,	but	James	seemed	to	be	enjoying	the	attention.	Harry	noticed	his
father	had	a	habit	of	rumpling	up	his	hair	as	though	to	make	sure	it	did	not	get
too	tidy,	and	also	that	he	kept	looking	over	at	the	girls	by	the	water’s	edge.
“Put	that	away,	will	you?”	said	Sirius	finally,	as	James	made	a	fine	catch
and	 Wormtail	 let	 out	 a	 cheer.	 “Before	 Wormtail	 wets	 himself	 from
excitement.”
Wormtail	turned	slightly	pink	but	James	grinned.
“If	it	bothers	you,”	he	said,	stuffing	the	Snitch	back	in	his	pocket.	Harry
had	the	distinct	impression	that	Sirius	was	the	only	one	for	whom	James
would	have	stopped	showing	off.
“I’m	bored,”	said	Sirius.	“Wish	it	was	full	moon.”
“You	might,”	said	Lupin	darkly	from	behind	his	book.	“We’ve	still	got
Transfiguration,	if	you’re	bored	you	could	test	me	.	.	.	Here.”	He	held	out	his
book.
Sirius	snorted.	“I	don’t	need	to	look	at	that	rubbish,	I	know	it	all.”
“This’ll	liven	you	up,	Padfoot,”	said	James	quietly.	“Look	who	it	is	.	.	.”
Sirius’s	head	turned.	He	had	become	very	still,	like	a	dog	that	has	scented	a
rabbit.
“Excellent,”	he	said	softly.	
“Snivellus.”
Harry	turned	to	see	what	Sirius	was	looking	at.
Snape	was	on	his	feet	again,	and	was	stowing	the	O.W.L.	paper	in	his	bag.
As	he	emerged	from	the	shadows	of	the	bushes	and	set	off	across	the	grass,
Sirius	and	James	stood	up.	Lupin	and	Wormtail	remained	sitting:	Lupin	was

=== PDF page 2190 ===
still	staring	down	at	his	book,	though	his	eyes	were	not	moving	and	a	faint
frown	line	had	appeared	between	his	eyebrows.	Wormtail	was	looking	from
Sirius	and	James	to	Snape	with	a	look	of	avid	anticipation	on	his	face.
“All	right,	Snivellus?”	said	James	loudly.
Snape	reacted	so	fast	it	was	as	though	he	had	been	expecting	an	attack:
Dropping	his	bag,	he	plunged	his	hand	inside	his	robes,	and	his	wand	was
halfway	into	the	air	when	James	shouted,	
“Expelliarmus!”
Snape’s	wand	flew	twelve	feet	into	the	air	and	fell	with	a	little	thud	in	the
grass	behind	him.	Sirius	let	out	a	bark	of	laughter.
“Impedimenta!”
	he	said,	pointing	his	wand	at	Snape,	who	was	knocked	off
his	feet,	halfway	through	a	dive	toward	his	own	fallen	wand.
Students	all	around	had	turned	to	watch.	Some	of	them	had	gotten	to	their
feet	and	were	edging	nearer	to	watch.	Some	looked	apprehensive,	others
entertained.
Snape	lay	panting	on	the	ground.	James	and	Sirius	advanced	on	him,	wands
up,	James	glancing	over	his	shoulder	at	the	girls	at	the	water’s	edge	as	he
went.	Wormtail	was	on	his	feet	now,	watching	hungrily,	edging	around	Lupin
to	get	a	clearer	view.
“How’d	the	exam	go,	Snivelly?”	said	James.
“I	was	watching	him,	his	nose	was	touching	the	parchment,”	said	Sirius
viciously.	“There’ll	be	great	grease	marks	all	over	it,	they	won’t	be	able	to
read	a	word.”
Several	people	watching	laughed;	Snape	was	clearly	unpopular.	Wormtail
sniggered	shrilly.	Snape	was	trying	to	get	up,	but	the	jinx	was	still	operating
on	him;	he	was	struggling,	as	though	bound	by	invisible	ropes.
“You	—	wait,”	he	panted,	staring	up	at	James	with	an	expression	of	purest
loathing.	“You	—	wait	.	.	.”
“Wait	for	what?”	said	Sirius	coolly.	“What’re	you	going	to	do,	Snivelly,
wipe	your	nose	on	us?”
Snape	let	out	a	stream	of	mixed	swearwords	and	hexes,	but	his	wand	being

=== PDF page 2191 ===
ten	feet	away	nothing	happened.
“Wash	out	your	mouth,”	said	James	coldly.	
“Scourgify!”
Pink	soap	bubbles	streamed	from	Snape’s	mouth	at	once;	the	froth	was
covering	his	lips,	making	him	gag,	choking	him	—
“Leave	him	ALONE!”
James	and	Sirius	looked	around.	James’s	free	hand	jumped	to	his	hair
again.
It	was	one	of	the	girls	from	the	lake	edge.	She	had	thick,	dark	red	hair	that
fell	to	her	shoulders	and	startlingly	green	almond-shaped	eyes	—	Harry’s
eyes.
Harry’s	mother	.	.	.
“All	right,	Evans?”	said	James,	and	the	tone	of	his	voice	was	suddenly
pleasant,	deeper,	more	mature.
“Leave	him	alone,”	Lily	repeated.	She	was	looking	at	James	with	every
sign	of	great	dislike.	“What’s	he	done	to	you?”
“Well,”	said	James,	appearing	to	deliberate	the	point,	“it’s	more	the	fact
that	he	
exists,	
if	you	know	what	I	mean	.	.	.”
Many	of	the	surrounding	watchers	laughed,	Sirius	and	Wormtail	included,
but	Lupin,	still	apparently	intent	on	his	book,	didn’t,	and	neither	did	Lily.
“You	think	you’re	funny,”	she	said	coldly.	“But	you’re	just	an	arrogant,
bullying	toerag,	Potter.	Leave	him	
alone.
”
“I	will	if	you	go	out	with	me,	Evans,”	said	James	quickly.	“Go	on	.	.	.	Go
out	with	me,	and	I’ll	never	lay	a	wand	on	old	Snivelly	again.”
Behind	him,	the	Impediment	Jinx	was	wearing	off.	Snape	was	beginning	to
inch	toward	his	fallen	wand,	spitting	out	soapsuds	as	he	crawled.
“I	wouldn’t	go	out	with	you	if	it	was	a	choice	between	you	and	the	giant
squid,”	said	Lily.
“Bad	luck,	Prongs,”	said	Sirius	briskly,	turning	back	to	Snape.	“OY!”
