=== PDF page 118 ===
lessons	 (“I	
do
	 hope	 they	 start	 right	 away,	 there’s	 so	 much	 to	 learn,	 I’m
particularly	interested	in	Transfiguration,	you	know,	turning	something	into
something	else,	of	course,	it’s	supposed	to	be	very	difficult	—”;	“You’ll	be
starting	small,	just	matches	into	needles	and	that	sort	of	thing	—”).
Harry,	who	was	starting	to	feel	warm	and	sleepy,	looked	up	at	the	High
Table	 again.	 Hagrid	 was	 drinking	 deeply	 from	 his	 goblet.	 Professor
McGonagall	was	talking	to	Professor	Dumbledore.	Professor	Quirrell,	in	his
absurd	turban,	was	talking	to	a	teacher	with	greasy	black	hair,	a	hooked	nose,
and	sallow	skin.
It	happened	very	suddenly.	The	hook-nosed	teacher	looked	past	Quirrell’s
turban	straight	into	Harry’s	eyes	—	and	a	sharp,	hot	pain	shot	across	the	scar
on	Harry’s	forehead.
“Ouch!”	Harry	clapped	a	hand	to	his	head.
“What	is	it?”	asked	Percy.
“N-nothing.”
The	pain	had	gone	as	quickly	as	it	had	come.	Harder	to	shake	off	was	the
feeling	Harry	had	gotten	from	the	teacher’s	look	—	a	feeling	that	he	didn’t
like	Harry	at	all.
“Who’s	that	teacher	talking	to	Professor	Quirrell?”	he	asked	Percy.
“Oh,	 you	 know	 Quirrell	 already,	 do	 you?	 No	 wonder	 he’s	 looking	 so
nervous,	that’s	Professor	Snape.	He	teaches	Potions,	but	he	doesn’t	want	to	—
everyone	knows	he’s	after	Quirrell’s	job.	Knows	an	awful	lot	about	the	Dark
Arts,	Snape.”
Harry	watched	Snape	for	a	while,	but	Snape	didn’t	look	at	him	again.
At	last,	the	desserts	too	disappeared,	and	Professor	Dumbledore	got	to	his
feet	again.	The	hall	fell	silent.
“Ahem	—	just	a	few	more	words	now	that	we	are	all	fed	and	watered.	I
have	a	few	start-of-term	notices	to	give	you.
“First	years	should	note	that	the	forest	on	the	grounds	is	forbidden	to	all
pupils.	And	a	few	of	our	older	students	would	do	well	to	remember	that	as

=== PDF page 119 ===
well.”
Dumbledore’s	twinkling	eyes	flashed	in	the	direction	of	the	Weasley	twins.
“I	have	also	been	asked	by	Mr.	Filch,	the	caretaker,	to	remind	you	all	that
no	magic	should	be	used	between	classes	in	the	corridors.
“Quidditch	trials	will	be	held	in	the	second	week	of	the	term.	Anyone
interested	in	playing	for	their	House	teams	should	contact	Madam	Hooch.
“And	finally,	I	must	tell	you	that	this	year,	the	third-floor	corridor	on	the
right-hand	side	is	out	of	bounds	to	everyone	who	does	not	wish	to	die	a	very
painful	death.”
Harry	laughed,	but	he	was	one	of	the	few	who	did.
“He’s	not	serious?”	he	muttered	to	Percy.
“Must	 be,”	 said	 Percy,	 frowning	 at	 Dumbledore.	 “It’s	 odd,	 because	 he
usually	gives	us	a	reason	why	we’re	not	allowed	to	go	somewhere	—	the
forest’s	full	of	dangerous	beasts,	everyone	knows	that.	I	do	think	he	might
have	told	us	prefects,	at	least.”
“And	 now,	 before	 we	 go	 to	 bed,	 let	 us	 sing	 the	 school	 song!”	 cried
Dumbledore.	Harry	noticed	that	the	other	teachers’	smiles	had	become	rather
fixed.
Dumbledore	gave	his	wand	a	little	flick,	as	if	he	was	trying	to	get	a	fly	off
the	end,	and	a	long	golden	ribbon	flew	out	of	it,	which	rose	high	above	the
tables	and	twisted	itself,	snakelike,	into	words.
“Everyone	pick	their	favorite	tune,”	said	Dumbledore,	“and	off	we	go!”
And	the	school	bellowed:
“Hogwarts,	Hogwarts,	Hoggy	Warty	Hogwarts,
Teach	us	something	please,
Whether	we	be	old	and	bald
Or	young	with	scabby	knees,
Our	heads	could	do	with	filling

=== PDF page 120 ===
With	some	interesting	stuff,
For	now	they’re	bare	and	full	of	air,
Dead	flies	and	bits	of	fluff,
So	teach	us	things	worth	knowing,
Bring	back	what	we’ve	forgot,
Just	do	your	best,	we’ll	do	the	rest,
And	learn	until	our	brains	all	rot.”
Everybody	finished	the	song	at	different	times.	At	last,	only	the	Weasley
twins	were	left	singing	along	to	a	very	slow	funeral	march.	Dumbledore
conducted	their	last	few	lines	with	his	wand	and	when	they	had	finished,	he
was	one	of	those	who	clapped	loudest.
“Ah,	music,”	he	said,	wiping	his	eyes.	“A	magic	beyond	all	we	do	here!
And	now,	bedtime.	Off	you	trot!”
The	Gryffindor	first	years	followed	Percy	through	the	chattering	crowds,
out	of	the	Great	Hall,	and	up	the	marble	staircase.	Harry’s	legs	were	like	lead
again,	but	only	because	he	was	so	tired	and	full	of	food.	He	was	too	sleepy
even	 to	 be	 surprised	 that	 the	 people	 in	 the	 portraits	 along	 the	 corridors
whispered	and	pointed	as	they	passed,	or	that	twice	Percy	led	them	through
doorways	hidden	behind	sliding	panels	and	hanging	tapestries.	They	climbed
more	 staircases,	 yawning	 and	 dragging	 their	 feet,	 and	 Harry	 was	 just
wondering	how	much	farther	they	had	to	go	when	they	came	to	a	sudden	halt.
A	bundle	of	walking	sticks	was	floating	in	midair	ahead	of	them,	and	as
Percy	took	a	step	toward	them	they	started	throwing	themselves	at	him.
“Peeves,”	Percy	whispered	to	the	first	years.	“A	poltergeist.”	He	raised	his
voice,	“Peeves	—	show	yourself.”
A	loud,	rude	sound,	like	the	air	being	let	out	of	a	balloon,	answered.
“Do	you	want	me	to	go	to	the	Bloody	Baron?”
There	was	a	pop,	and	a	little	man	with	wicked,	dark	eyes	and	a	wide	mouth
appeared,	floating	cross-legged	in	the	air,	clutching	the	walking	sticks.

=== PDF page 121 ===
“Oooooooh!”	he	said,	with	an	evil	cackle.	“Ickle	Firsties!	What	fun!”
He	swooped	suddenly	at	them.	They	all	ducked.
“Go	away,	Peeves,	or	the	Baron’ll	hear	about	this,	I	mean	it!”	barked	Percy.
Peeves	stuck	out	his	tongue	and	vanished,	dropping	the	walking	sticks	on
Neville’s	head.	They	heard	him	zooming	away,	rattling	coats	of	armor	as	he
passed.
“You	want	to	watch	out	for	Peeves,”	said	Percy,	as	they	set	off	again.	“The
Bloody	Baron’s	the	only	one	who	can	control	him,	he	won’t	even	listen	to	us
prefects.	Here	we	are.”
At	the	very	end	of	the	corridor	hung	a	portrait	of	a	very	fat	woman	in	a
pink	silk	dress.
“Password?”	she	said.
“Caput	Draconis,”	said	Percy,	and	the	portrait	swung	forward	to	reveal	a
round	hole	in	the	wall.	They	all	scrambled	through	it	—	Neville	needed	a	leg
up	—	and	found	themselves	in	the	Gryffindor	common	room,	a	cozy,	round
room	full	of	squashy	armchairs.
Percy	directed	the	girls	through	one	door	to	their	dormitory	and	the	boys
through	another.	At	the	top	of	a	spiral	staircase	—	they	were	obviously	in	one
of	the	towers	—	they	found	their	beds	at	last:	five	four-posters	hung	with
deep	red,	velvet	curtains.	Their	trunks	had	already	been	brought	up.	Too	tired
to	talk	much,	they	pulled	on	their	pajamas	and	fell	into	bed.
“Great	food,	isn’t	it?”	Ron	muttered	to	Harry	through	the	hangings.	“Get
off,
	Scabbers!	He’s	chewing	my	sheets.”
Harry	was	going	to	ask	Ron	if	he’d	had	any	of	the	treacle	tart,	but	he	fell
asleep	almost	at	once.
Perhaps	Harry	had	eaten	a	bit	too	much,	because	he	had	a	very	strange
dream.	He	was	wearing	Professor	Quirrell’s	turban,	which	kept	talking	to
him,	telling	him	he	must	transfer	to	Slytherin	at	once,	because	it	was	his
destiny.	Harry	told	the	turban	he	didn’t	want	to	be	in	Slytherin;	it	got	heavier
and	heavier;	he	tried	to	pull	it	off	but	it	tightened	painfully	—	and	there	was

=== PDF page 122 ===
Malfoy,	laughing	at	him	as	he	struggled	with	it	—	then	Malfoy	turned	into	the
hook-nosed	teacher,	Snape,	whose	laugh	became	high	and	cold	—	there	was	a
burst	of	green	light	and	Harry	woke,	sweating	and	shaking.
He	rolled	over	and	fell	asleep	again,	and	when	he	woke	next	day,	he	didn’t
remember	the	dream	at	all.

=== PDF page 123 ===
T
	
CHAPTER		EIGHT
THE	POTIONS	MASTER
here,	look.”
“Where?”
“Next	to	the	tall	kid	with	the	red	hair.”
“Wearing	the	glasses?”
“Did	you	see	his	face?”
“Did	you	see	his	scar?”
Whispers	followed	Harry	from	the	moment	he	left	his	dormitory	the	next
day.	People	lining	up	outside	classrooms	stood	on	tiptoe	to	get	a	look	at	him,
or	doubled	back	to	pass	him	in	the	corridors	again,	staring.	Harry	wished	they
wouldn’t,	because	he	was	trying	to	concentrate	on	finding	his	way	to	classes.
There	 were	 a	 hundred	 and	 forty-two	 staircases	 at	 Hogwarts:	 wide,
sweeping	ones;	narrow,	rickety	ones;	some	that	led	somewhere	different	on	a
Friday;	some	with	a	vanishing	step	halfway	up	that	you	had	to	remember	to
jump.	Then	there	were	doors	that	wouldn’t	open	unless	you	asked	politely,	or
tickled	them	in	exactly	the	right	place,	and	doors	that	weren’t	really	doors	at
all,	but	solid	walls	just	pretending.	It	was	also	very	hard	to	remember	where
anything	was,	because	it	all	seemed	to	move	around	a	lot.	The	people	in	the
portraits	kept	going	to	visit	each	other,	and	Harry	was	sure	the	coats	of	armor
could	walk.
