=== PDF page 1825 ===
He	knew	long	before	he	reached	the	end	of	his	sentence	that	it	was	no
good.
“Oh	no,”	said	Umbridge,	smiling	so	widely	that	she	looked	as	though	she
had	just	swallowed	a	particularly	juicy	fly.	“Oh	no,	no,	no.	This	is	your
punishment	for	spreading	evil,	nasty,	attention-seeking	stories,	Mr.	Potter,	and
punishments	certainly	cannot	be	adjusted	to	suit	the	guilty	one’s	convenience.
No,	you	will	come	here	at	five	o’clock	tomorrow,	and	the	next	day,	and	on
Friday	too,	and	you	will	do	your	detentions	as	planned.	I	think	it	rather	a	good
thing	 that	 you	 are	 missing	 something	 you	 really	 want	 to	 do.	 It	 ought	 to
reinforce	the	lesson	I	am	trying	to	teach	you.”
Harry	felt	the	blood	surge	to	his	head	and	heard	a	thumping	noise	in	his
ears.	So	he	told	evil,	nasty,	attention-seeking	stories,	did	he?
She	was	watching	him	with	her	head	slightly	to	one	side,	still	smiling
widely,	as	though	she	knew	exactly	what	he	was	thinking	and	was	waiting	to
see	 whether	 he	 would	 start	 shouting	 again.	 With	 a	 massive	 effort	 Harry
looked	 away	 from	 her,	 dropped	 his	 schoolbag	 beside	 the	 straight-backed
chair,	and	sat	down.
“There,”	said	Umbridge	sweetly,	“we’re	getting	better	at	controlling	our
temper	already,	aren’t	we?	Now,	you	are	going	to	be	doing	some	lines	for	me,
Mr.	Potter.	No,	not	with	your	quill,”	she	added,	as	Harry	bent	down	to	open
his	bag.	“You’re	going	to	be	using	a	rather	special	one	of	mine.	Here	you
are.”
She	handed	him	a	long,	thin	black	quill	with	an	unusually	sharp	point.
“I	want	you	to	write	
‘I	must	not	tell	lies,’
”	she	told	him	softly.
“How	many	times?”	Harry	asked,	with	a	creditable	imitation	of	politeness.
“Oh,	as	long	as	it	takes	for	the	message	to	
sink	in,
”	said	Umbridge	sweetly.
“Off	you	go.”
She	moved	over	to	her	desk,	sat	down,	and	bent	over	a	stack	of	parchment
that	looked	like	essays	for	marking.	Harry	raised	the	sharp	black	quill	and
then	realized	what	was	missing.
“You	haven’t	given	me	any	ink,”	he	said.

=== PDF page 1826 ===
“Oh,	 you	 won’t	 need	 ink,”	 said	 Professor	 Umbridge	 with	 the	 merest
suggestion	of	a	laugh	in	her	voice.
Harry	placed	the	point	of	the	quill	on	the	paper	and	wrote:	
I	must	not	tell
lies.
He	let	out	a	gasp	of	pain.	The	words	had	appeared	on	the	parchment	in
what	 appeared	 to	 be	 shining	 red	 ink.	 At	 the	 same	 time,	 the	 words	 had
appeared	on	the	back	of	Harry’s	right	hand,	cut	into	his	skin	as	though	traced
there	by	a	scalpel	—	yet	even	as	he	stared	at	the	shining	cut,	the	skin	healed
over	again,	leaving	the	place	where	it	had	been	slightly	redder	than	before	but
quite	smooth.
Harry	 looked	 around	 at	 Umbridge.	 She	 was	 watching	 him,	 her	 wide,
toadlike	mouth	stretched	in	a	smile.
“Yes?”
“Nothing,”	said	Harry	quietly.
He	looked	back	at	the	parchment,	placed	the	quill	upon	it	once	more,	wrote
I	must	not	tell	lies,
	and	felt	the	searing	pain	on	the	back	of	his	hand	for	a
second	time;	once	again	the	words	had	been	cut	into	his	skin,	once	again	they
healed	over	seconds	later.
And	on	it	went.	Again	and	again	Harry	wrote	the	words	on	the	parchment
in	what	he	soon	came	to	realize	was	not	ink,	but	his	own	blood.	And	again
and	again	the	words	were	cut	into	the	back	of	his	hand,	healed,	and	then
reappeared	the	next	time	he	set	quill	to	parchment.
Darkness	 fell	 outside	 Umbridge’s	 window.	 Harry	 did	 not	 ask	 when	 he
would	be	allowed	to	stop.	He	did	not	even	check	his	watch.	He	knew	she	was
watching	him	for	signs	of	weakness	and	he	was	not	going	to	show	any,	not
even	if	he	had	to	sit	here	all	night,	cutting	open	his	own	hand	with	this
quill.	.	.	.
“Come	here,”	she	said,	after	what	seemed	hours.
He	stood	up.	His	hand	was	stinging	painfully.	When	he	looked	down	at	it
he	saw	that	the	cut	had	healed,	but	that	the	skin	there	was	red	raw.

=== PDF page 1827 ===
“Hand,”	she	said.
He	extended	it.	She	took	it	in	her	own.	Harry	repressed	a	shudder	as	she
touched	him	with	her	thick,	stubby	fingers	on	which	she	wore	a	number	of
ugly	old	rings.
“Tut,	tut,	I	don’t	seem	to	have	made	much	of	an	impression	yet,”	she	said,
smiling.	“Well,	we’ll	just	have	to	try	again	tomorrow	evening,	won’t	we?	You
may	go.”
Harry	left	her	office	without	a	word.	The	school	was	quite	deserted;	it	was
surely	past	midnight.	He	walked	slowly	up	the	corridor	then,	when	he	had
turned	the	corner	and	was	sure	that	she	would	not	hear	him,	broke	into	a	run.
He	had	not	had	time	to	practice	Vanishing	Spells,	had	not	written	a	single
dream	in	his	dream	diary,	and	had	not	finished	the	drawing	of	the	bowtruckle,
nor	had	he	written	his	essays.	He	skipped	breakfast	next	morning	to	scribble
down	a	couple	of	made-up	dreams	for	Divination,	their	first	lesson,	and	was
surprised	to	find	a	disheveled	Ron	keeping	him	company.
“How	come	you	didn’t	do	it	last	night?”	Harry	asked,	as	Ron	stared	wildly
around	the	common	room	for	inspiration.	Ron,	who	had	been	fast	asleep
when	Harry	got	back	to	the	dormitory,	muttered	something	about	“doing	other
stuff,”	bent	low	over	his	parchment,	and	scrawled	a	few	words.
“That’ll	have	to	do,”	he	said,	slamming	the	diary	shut,	“I’ve	said	I	dreamed
I	was	buying	a	new	pair	of	shoes,	she	can’t	make	anything	weird	out	of	that,
can	she?”
They	hurried	off	to	North	Tower	together.
“How	was	detention	with	Umbridge,	anyway?	What	did	she	make	you
do?”
Harry	hesitated	for	a	fraction	of	a	second,	then	said,	“Lines.”
“That’s	not	too	bad,	then,	eh?”	said	Ron.
“Nope,”	said	Harry.
“Hey	—	I	forgot	—	did	she	let	you	off	for	Friday?”
“No,”	said	Harry.

=== PDF page 1828 ===
Ron	groaned	sympathetically.
It	 was	 another	 bad	 day	 for	 Harry;	 he	 was	 one	 of	 the	 worst	 in
Transfiguration,	not	having	practiced	Vanishing	Spells	at	all.	He	had	to	give
up	his	lunch	hour	to	complete	the	picture	of	the	bowtruckle,	and	meanwhile,
Professors	 McGonagall,	 Grubbly-Plank,	 and	 Sinistra	 gave	 them	 yet	 more
homework,	which	he	had	no	prospect	of	finishing	that	evening	because	of	his
second	detention	with	Umbridge.	To	cap	it	all,	Angelina	Johnson	tracked	him
down	at	dinner	again	and,	on	learning	that	he	would	not	be	able	to	attend
Friday’s	Keeper	tryouts,	told	him	she	was	not	at	all	impressed	by	his	attitude
and	that	she	expected	players	who	wished	to	remain	on	the	team	to	put
training	before	their	other	commitments.
“I’m	in	detention!”	Harry	yelled	after	her	as	she	stalked	away.	“D’you
think	I’d	rather	be	stuck	in	a	room	with	that	old	toad	or	playing	Quidditch?”
“At	least	it’s	only	lines,”	said	Hermione	consolingly,	as	Harry	sank	back
onto	his	bench	and	looked	down	at	his	steak-and-kidney	pie,	which	he	no
longer	fancied	very	much.	“It’s	not	as	if	it’s	a	dreadful	punishment,	really	.	.	.”
Harry	opened	his	mouth,	closed	it	again,	and	nodded.	He	was	not	really
sure	why	he	was	not	telling	Ron	and	Hermione	exactly	what	was	happening
in	Umbridge’s	room:	He	only	knew	that	he	did	not	want	to	see	their	looks	of
horror;	that	would	make	the	whole	thing	seem	worse	and	therefore	more
difficult	 to	 face.	 He	 also	 felt	 dimly	 that	 this	 was	 between	 himself	 and
Umbridge,	a	private	battle	of	wills,	and	he	was	not	going	to	give	her	the
satisfaction	of	hearing	that	he	had	complained	about	it.
“I	can’t	believe	how	much	homework	we’ve	got,”	said	Ron	miserably.
“Well,	why	didn’t	you	do	any	last	night?”	Hermione	asked	him.	“Where
were	you	anyway?”
“I	was	.	.	.	I	fancied	a	walk,”	said	Ron	shiftily.
Harry	had	the	distinct	impression	that	he	was	not	alone	in	concealing	things
at	the	moment.
The	second	detention	was	just	as	bad	as	the	previous	one.	The	skin	on	the
back	of	Harry’s	hand	became	irritated	more	quickly	now,	red	and	inflamed;
