=== PDF page 2644 ===
at	them.	Harry,	who	had	expected	something	much	more	exciting,	saw	a	mess
of	small,	everyday	objects:	a	yo-yo,	a	silver	thimble,	and	a	tarnished	mouth
organ	among	them.	Once	free	of	the	box,	they	stopped	quivering	and	lay	quite
still	upon	the	thin	blankets.
“You	 will	 return	 them	 to	 their	 owners	 with	 your	 apologies,”	 said
Dumbledore	calmly,	putting	his	wand	back	into	his	jacket.	“I	shall	know
whether	 it	 has	 been	 done.	 And	 be	 warned:	 Thieving	 is	 not	 tolerated	 at
Hogwarts.”
Riddle	 did	 not	 look	 remotely	 abashed;	 he	 was	 still	 staring	 coldly	 and
appraisingly	at	Dumbledore.	At	last	he	said	in	a	colorless	voice,	“Yes,	sir.”
“At	Hogwarts,”	Dumbledore	went	on,	“we	teach	you	not	only	to	use	magic,
but	to	control	it.	You	have	—	inadvertently,	I	am	sure	—	been	using	your
powers	in	a	way	that	is	neither	taught	nor	tolerated	at	our	school.	You	are	not
the	first,	nor	will	you	be	the	last,	to	allow	your	magic	to	run	away	with	you.
But	you	should	know	that	Hogwarts	can	expel	students,	and	the	Ministry	of
Magic	 —	 yes,	 there	 is	 a	 Ministry	 —	 will	 punish	 lawbreakers	 still	 more
severely.	All	new	wizards	must	accept	that,	in	entering	our	world,	they	abide
by	our	laws.”
“Yes,	sir,”	said	Riddle	again.
It	was	impossible	to	tell	what	he	was	thinking;	his	face	remained	quite
blank	as	he	put	the	little	cache	of	stolen	objects	back	into	the	cardboard	box.
When	he	had	finished,	he	turned	to	Dumbledore	and	said	baldly,	“I	haven’t
got	any	money.”
“That	is	easily	remedied,”	said	Dumbledore,	drawing	a	leather	money-
pouch	from	his	pocket.	“There	is	a	fund	at	Hogwarts	for	those	who	require
assistance	to	buy	books	and	robes.	You	might	have	to	buy	some	of	your
spellbooks	and	so	on	secondhand,	but	—”
“Where	do	you	buy	spellbooks?”	interrupted	Riddle,	who	had	taken	the
heavy	money	bag	without	thanking	Dumbledore,	and	was	now	examining	a
fat	gold	Galleon.
“In	Diagon	Alley,”	said	Dumbledore.	“I	have	your	list	of	books	and	school

=== PDF page 2645 ===
equipment	with	me.	I	can	help	you	find	everything	—”
“You’re	coming	with	me?”	asked	Riddle,	looking	up.
“Certainly,	if	you	—”
“I	don’t	need	you,”	said	Riddle.	“I’m	used	to	doing	things	for	myself,	I	go
round	London	on	my	own	all	the	time.	How	do	you	get	to	this	Diagon	Alley
—	sir?”	he	added,	catching	Dumbledore’s	eye.
Harry	thought	that	Dumbledore	would	insist	upon	accompanying	Riddle,
but	once	again	he	was	surprised.	Dumbledore	handed	Riddle	the	envelope
containing	his	list	of	equipment,	and	after	telling	Riddle	exactly	how	to	get	to
the	Leaky	Cauldron	from	the	orphanage,	he	said,	“You	will	be	able	to	see	it,
although	Muggles	around	you	—	non-magical	people,	that	is	—	will	not.	Ask
for	Tom	the	barman	—	easy	enough	to	remember,	as	he	shares	your	name	—”
Riddle	gave	an	irritable	twitch,	as	though	trying	to	displace	an	irksome	fly.
“You	dislike	the	name	‘Tom’?”
“There	are	a	lot	of	Toms,”	muttered	Riddle.	Then,	as	though	he	could	not
suppress	the	question,	as	though	it	burst	from	him	in	spite	of	himself,	he
asked,	“Was	my	father	a	wizard?	He	was	called	Tom	Riddle	too,	they’ve	told
me.”
“I’m	afraid	I	don’t	know,”	said	Dumbledore,	his	voice	gentle.
“My	 mother	 can’t	 have	 been	 magic,	 or	 she	 wouldn’t	 have	 died,”	 said
Riddle,	more	to	himself	than	Dumbledore.	“It	must’ve	been	him.	So	—	when
I’ve	got	all	my	stuff	—	when	do	I	come	to	this	Hogwarts?”
“All	the	details	are	on	the	second	piece	of	parchment	in	your	envelope,”
said	Dumbledore.	“You	will	leave	from	King’s	Cross	Station	on	the	first	of
September.	There	is	a	train	ticket	in	there	too.”
Riddle	nodded.	Dumbledore	got	to	his	feet	and	held	out	his	hand	again.
Taking	it,	Riddle	said,	“I	can	speak	to	snakes.	I	found	out	when	we’ve	been	to
the	country	on	trips	—	they	find	me,	they	whisper	to	me.	Is	that	normal	for	a
wizard?”
Harry	could	tell	that	he	had	withheld	mention	of	this	strangest	power	until
