=== PDF page 221 ===
Harry	 went	 back	 to	 the	 library,	 where	 Hermione	 was	 testing	 Ron	 on
Astronomy.	Harry	told	them	what	he’d	heard.
“Snape’s	done	it,	then!”	said	Ron.	“If	Quirrell’s	told	him	how	to	break	his
Anti-Dark	Force	spell	—”
“There’s	still	Fluffy,	though,”	said	Hermione.
“Maybe	Snape’s	found	out	how	to	get	past	him	without	asking	Hagrid,”
said	Ron,	looking	up	at	the	thousands	of	books	surrounding	them.	“I	bet
there’s	a	book	somewhere	in	here	telling	you	how	to	get	past	a	giant	three-
headed	dog.	So	what	do	we	do,	Harry?”
The	light	of	adventure	was	kindling	again	in	Ron’s	eyes,	but	Hermione
answered	before	Harry	could.
“Go	to	Dumbledore.	That’s	what	we	should	have	done	ages	ago.	If	we	try
anything	ourselves	we’ll	be	thrown	out	for	sure.”
“But	we’ve	got	no	
proof
!”	said	Harry.	“Quirrell’s	too	scared	to	back	us	up.
Snape’s	only	got	to	say	he	doesn’t	know	how	the	troll	got	in	at	Halloween	and
that	he	was	nowhere	near	the	third	floor	—	who	do	you	think	they’ll	believe,
him	or	us?	It’s	not	exactly	a	secret	we	hate	him,	Dumbledore’ll	think	we	made
it	up	to	get	him	sacked.	Filch	wouldn’t	help	us	if	his	life	depended	on	it,	he’s
too	friendly	with	Snape,	and	the	more	students	get	thrown	out,	the	better,	he’ll
think.	And	don’t	forget,	we’re	not	supposed	to	know	about	the	Stone	or
Fluffy.	That’ll	take	a	lot	of	explaining.”
Hermione	looked	convinced,	but	Ron	didn’t.
“If	we	just	do	a	bit	of	poking	around	—”
“No,”	said	Harry	flatly,	“we’ve	done	enough	poking	around.”
He	pulled	a	map	of	Jupiter	toward	him	and	started	to	learn	the	names	of	its
moons.
The	following	morning,	notes	were	delivered	to	Harry,	Hermione,	and	Neville
at	the	breakfast	table.	They	were	all	the	same:
Your	detention	will	take	place	at	eleven	o’clock	tonight.
Meet	Mr.	Filch	in	the	entrance	hall.

=== PDF page 222 ===
Harry	had	forgotten	they	still	had	detentions	to	do	in	the	furor	over	the	points
they’d	lost.	He	half	expected	Hermione	to	complain	that	this	was	a	whole
night	of	studying	lost,	but	she	didn’t	say	a	word.	Like	Harry,	she	felt	they
deserved	what	they’d	got.
At	eleven	o’clock	that	night,	they	said	good-bye	to	Ron	in	the	common
room	and	went	down	to	the	entrance	hall	with	Neville.	Filch	was	already
there	—	and	so	was	Malfoy.	Harry	had	also	forgotten	that	Malfoy	had	gotten
a	detention,	too.
“Follow	me,”	said	Filch,	lighting	a	lamp	and	leading	them	outside.
“I	bet	you’ll	think	twice	about	breaking	a	school	rule	again,	won’t	you,
eh?”	he	said,	leering	at	them.	“Oh	yes	.	.	.	hard	work	and	pain	are	the	best
teachers	if	you	ask	me.	.	.	.	It’s	just	a	pity	they	let	the	old	punishments	die
out	.	.	.	hang	you	by	your	wrists	from	the	ceiling	for	a	few	days,	I’ve	got	the
chains	still	in	my	office,	keep	’em	well	oiled	in	case	they’re	ever	needed.	.	.	.
Right,	off	we	go,	and	don’t	think	of	running	off,	now,	it’ll	be	worse	for	you	if
you	do.”
They	marched	off	across	the	dark	grounds.	Neville	kept	sniffing.	Harry
wondered	what	their	punishment	was	going	to	be.	It	must	be	something	really
horrible,	or	Filch	wouldn’t	be	sounding	so	delighted.
The	moon	was	bright,	but	clouds	scudding	across	it	kept	throwing	them
into	darkness.	Ahead,	Harry	could	see	the	lighted	windows	of	Hagrid’s	hut.
Then	they	heard	a	distant	shout.
“Is	that	you,	Filch?	Hurry	up,	I	want	ter	get	started.”
Harry’s	 heart	 rose;	 if	 they	 were	 going	 to	 be	 working	 with	 Hagrid	 it
wouldn’t	be	so	bad.	His	relief	must	have	showed	in	his	face,	because	Filch
said,	“I	suppose	you	think	you’ll	be	enjoying	yourself	with	that	oaf?	Well,
think	again,	boy	—	it’s	into	the	forest	you’re	going	and	I’m	much	mistaken	if
you’ll	all	come	out	in	one	piece.”
At	this,	Neville	let	out	a	little	moan,	and	Malfoy	stopped	dead	in	his	tracks.

=== PDF page 223 ===
“The	forest?”	he	repeated,	and	he	didn’t	sound	quite	as	cool	as	usual.	“We
can’t	go	in	there	at	night	—	there’s	all	sorts	of	things	in	there	—	werewolves,
I	heard.”
Neville	clutched	the	sleeve	of	Harry’s	robe	and	made	a	choking	noise.
“That’s	your	problem,	isn’t	it?”	said	Filch,	his	voice	cracking	with	glee.
“Should’ve	thought	of	them	werewolves	before	you	got	in	trouble,	shouldn’t
you?”
Hagrid	came	striding	toward	them	out	of	the	dark,	Fang	at	his	heel.	He	was
carrying	his	large	crossbow,	and	a	quiver	of	arrows	hung	over	his	shoulder.
“Abou’	time,”	he	said.	“I	bin	waitin’	fer	half	an	hour	already.	All	right,
Harry,	Hermione?”
“I	shouldn’t	be	too	friendly	to	them,	Hagrid,”	said	Filch	coldly,	“they’re
here	to	be	punished,	after	all.”
“That’s	why	yer	late,	is	it?”	said	Hagrid,	frowning	at	Filch.	“Bin	lecturin’
them,	eh?	’Snot	your	place	ter	do	that.	Yeh’ve	done	yer	bit,	I’ll	take	over	from
here.”
“I’ll	be	back	at	dawn,”	said	Filch,	“for	what’s	left	of	them,”	he	added
nastily,	and	he	turned	and	started	back	toward	the	castle,	his	lamp	bobbing
away	in	the	darkness.
Malfoy	now	turned	to	Hagrid.
“I’m	not	going	in	that	forest,”	he	said,	and	Harry	was	pleased	to	hear	the
note	of	panic	in	his	voice.
“Yeh	are	if	yeh	want	ter	stay	at	Hogwarts,”	said	Hagrid	fiercely.	“Yeh’ve
done	wrong	an’	now	yeh’ve	got	ter	pay	fer	it.”
“But	this	is	servant	stuff,	it’s	not	for	students	to	do.	I	thought	we’d	be
copying	lines	or	something,	if	my	father	knew	I	was	doing	this,	he’d	—”
“—	tell	yer	that’s	how	it	is	at	Hogwarts,”	Hagrid	growled.	“Copyin’	lines!
What	good’s	that	ter	anyone?	Yeh’ll	do	summat	useful	or	yeh’ll	get	out.	If	yeh
think	yer	father’d	rather	you	were	expelled,	then	get	back	off	ter	the	castle	an’
pack.	Go	on!”

=== PDF page 224 ===
Malfoy	didn’t	move.	He	looked	at	Hagrid	furiously,	but	then	dropped	his
gaze.
“Right	then,”	said	Hagrid,	“now,	listen	carefully,	’cause	it’s	dangerous	what
we’re	gonna	do	tonight,	an’	I	don’	want	no	one	takin’	risks.	Follow	me	over
here	a	moment.”
He	led	them	to	the	very	edge	of	the	forest.	Holding	his	lamp	up	high,	he
pointed	down	a	narrow,	winding	earth	track	that	disappeared	into	the	thick
black	trees.	A	light	breeze	lifted	their	hair	as	they	looked	into	the	forest.
“Look	there,”	said	Hagrid,	“see	that	stuff	shinin’	on	the	ground?	Silvery
stuff?	That’s	unicorn	blood.	There’s	a	unicorn	in	there	bin	hurt	badly	by
summat.	This	is	the	second	time	in	a	week.	I	found	one	dead	last	Wednesday.
We’re	gonna	try	an’	find	the	poor	thing.	We	might	have	ter	put	it	out	of	its
misery.”
“And	what	if	whatever	hurt	the	unicorn	finds	us	first?”	said	Malfoy,	unable
to	keep	the	fear	out	of	his	voice.
“There’s	nothin’	that	lives	in	the	forest	that’ll	hurt	yeh	if	yer	with	me	or
Fang,”	said	Hagrid.	“An’	keep	ter	the	path.	Right,	now,	we’re	gonna	split	inter
two	parties	an’	follow	the	trail	in	diff’rent	directions.	There’s	blood	all	over
the	place,	it	must’ve	bin	staggerin’	around	since	last	night	at	least.”
“I	want	Fang,”	said	Malfoy	quickly,	looking	at	Fang’s	long	teeth.
“All	right,	but	I	warn	yeh,	he’s	a	coward,”	said	Hagrid.	“So	me,	Harry,	an’
Hermione’ll	go	one	way	an’	Draco,	Neville,	an’	Fang’ll	go	the	other.	Now,	if
any	of	us	finds	the	unicorn,	we’ll	send	up	green	sparks,	right?	Get	yer	wands
out	an’	practice	now	—	that’s	it	—	an’	if	anyone	gets	in	trouble,	send	up	red
sparks,	an’	we’ll	all	come	an’	find	yeh	—	so,	be	careful	—	let’s	go.”
The	forest	was	black	and	silent.	A	little	way	into	it	they	reached	a	fork	in
the	earth	path,	and	Harry,	Hermione,	and	Hagrid	took	the	left	path	while
Malfoy,	Neville,	and	Fang	took	the	right.
They	walked	in	silence,	their	eyes	on	the	ground.	Every	now	and	then	a	ray
of	moonlight	through	the	branches	above	lit	a	spot	of	silver-blue	blood	on	the
fallen	leaves.
