=== PDF page 123 ===
T
	
CHAPTER		EIGHT
THE	POTIONS	MASTER
here,	look.”
“Where?”
“Next	to	the	tall	kid	with	the	red	hair.”
“Wearing	the	glasses?”
“Did	you	see	his	face?”
“Did	you	see	his	scar?”
Whispers	followed	Harry	from	the	moment	he	left	his	dormitory	the	next
day.	People	lining	up	outside	classrooms	stood	on	tiptoe	to	get	a	look	at	him,
or	doubled	back	to	pass	him	in	the	corridors	again,	staring.	Harry	wished	they
wouldn’t,	because	he	was	trying	to	concentrate	on	finding	his	way	to	classes.
There	 were	 a	 hundred	 and	 forty-two	 staircases	 at	 Hogwarts:	 wide,
sweeping	ones;	narrow,	rickety	ones;	some	that	led	somewhere	different	on	a
Friday;	some	with	a	vanishing	step	halfway	up	that	you	had	to	remember	to
jump.	Then	there	were	doors	that	wouldn’t	open	unless	you	asked	politely,	or
tickled	them	in	exactly	the	right	place,	and	doors	that	weren’t	really	doors	at
all,	but	solid	walls	just	pretending.	It	was	also	very	hard	to	remember	where
anything	was,	because	it	all	seemed	to	move	around	a	lot.	The	people	in	the
portraits	kept	going	to	visit	each	other,	and	Harry	was	sure	the	coats	of	armor
could	walk.

=== PDF page 124 ===
The	ghosts	didn’t	help,	either.	It	was	always	a	nasty	shock	when	one	of
them	 glided	 suddenly	 through	 a	 door	 you	 were	 trying	 to	 open.	 Nearly
Headless	 Nick	 was	 always	 happy	 to	 point	 new	 Gryffindors	 in	 the	 right
direction,	but	Peeves	the	Poltergeist	was	worth	two	locked	doors	and	a	trick
staircase	 if	 you	 met	 him	 when	 you	 were	 late	 for	 class.	 He	 would	 drop
wastepaper	baskets	on	your	head,	pull	rugs	from	under	your	feet,	pelt	you
with	bits	of	chalk,	or	sneak	up	behind	you,	invisible,	grab	your	nose,	and
screech,	“GOT	YOUR	CONK!”
Even	worse	than	Peeves,	if	that	was	possible,	was	the	caretaker,	Argus
Filch.	Harry	and	Ron	managed	to	get	on	the	wrong	side	of	him	on	their	very
first	morning.	Filch	found	them	trying	to	force	their	way	through	a	door	that
unluckily	turned	out	to	be	the	entrance	to	the	out-of-bounds	corridor	on	the
third	floor.	He	wouldn’t	believe	they	were	lost,	was	sure	they	were	trying	to
break	into	it	on	purpose,	and	was	threatening	to	lock	them	in	the	dungeons
when	they	were	rescued	by	Professor	Quirrell,	who	was	passing.
Filch	owned	a	cat	called	Mrs.	Norris,	a	scrawny,	dust-colored	creature	with
bulging,	lamplike	eyes	just	like	Filch’s.	She	patrolled	the	corridors	alone.
Break	a	rule	in	front	of	her,	put	just	one	toe	out	of	line,	and	she’d	whisk	off
for	Filch,	who’d	appear,	wheezing,	two	seconds	later.	Filch	knew	the	secret
passageways	of	the	school	better	than	anyone	(except	perhaps	the	Weasley
twins)	and	could	pop	up	as	suddenly	as	any	of	the	ghosts.	The	students	all
hated	him,	and	it	was	the	dearest	ambition	of	many	to	give	Mrs.	Norris	a	good
kick.
And	then,	once	you	had	managed	to	find	them,	there	were	the	classes
themselves.	There	was	a	lot	more	to	magic,	as	Harry	quickly	found	out,	than
waving	your	wand	and	saying	a	few	funny	words.
They	had	to	study	the	night	skies	through	their	telescopes	every	Wednesday
at	midnight	and	learn	the	names	of	different	stars	and	the	movements	of	the
planets.	Three	times	a	week	they	went	out	to	the	greenhouses	behind	the
castle	to	study	Herbology,	with	a	dumpy	little	witch	called	Professor	Sprout,
where	they	learned	how	to	take	care	of	all	the	strange	plants	and	fungi,	and
found	out	what	they	were	used	for.

=== PDF page 125 ===
Easily	the	most	boring	class	was	History	of	Magic,	which	was	the	only	one
taught	by	a	ghost.	Professor	Binns	had	been	very	old	indeed	when	he	had
fallen	asleep	in	front	of	the	staffroom	fire	and	got	up	next	morning	to	teach,
leaving	his	body	behind	him.	Binns	droned	on	and	on	while	they	scribbled
down	names	and	dates,	and	got	Emeric	the	Evil	and	Uric	the	Oddball	mixed
up.
Professor	Flitwick,	the	Charms	teacher,	was	a	tiny	little	wizard	who	had	to
stand	on	a	pile	of	books	to	see	over	his	desk.	At	the	start	of	their	first	class	he
took	the	roll	call,	and	when	he	reached	Harry’s	name	he	gave	an	excited
squeak	and	toppled	out	of	sight.
Professor	McGonagall	was	again	different.	Harry	had	been	quite	right	to
think	she	wasn’t	a	teacher	to	cross.	Strict	and	clever,	she	gave	them	a	talking-
to	the	moment	they	sat	down	in	her	first	class.
“Transfiguration	is	some	of	the	most	complex	and	dangerous	magic	you
will	learn	at	Hogwarts,”	she	said.	“Anyone	messing	around	in	my	class	will
leave	and	not	come	back.	You	have	been	warned.”
Then	she	changed	her	desk	into	a	pig	and	back	again.	They	were	all	very
impressed	and	couldn’t	wait	to	get	started,	but	soon	realized	they	weren’t
going	to	be	changing	the	furniture	into	animals	for	a	long	time.	After	taking	a
lot	of	complicated	notes,	they	were	each	given	a	match	and	started	trying	to
turn	it	into	a	needle.	By	the	end	of	the	lesson,	only	Hermione	Granger	had
made	any	difference	to	her	match;	Professor	McGonagall	showed	the	class
how	it	had	gone	all	silver	and	pointy	and	gave	Hermione	a	rare	smile.
The	 class	 everyone	 had	 really	 been	 looking	 forward	 to	 was	 Defense
Against	the	Dark	Arts,	but	Quirrell’s	lessons	turned	out	to	be	a	bit	of	a	joke.
His	classroom	smelled	strongly	of	garlic,	which	everyone	said	was	to	ward
off	a	vampire	he’d	met	in	Romania	and	was	afraid	would	be	coming	back	to
get	him	one	of	these	days.	His	turban,	he	told	them,	had	been	given	to	him	by
an	African	prince	as	a	thank-you	for	getting	rid	of	a	troublesome	zombie,	but
they	 weren’t	 sure	 they	 believed	 this	 story.	 For	 one	 thing,	 when	 Seamus
Finnigan	 asked	 eagerly	 to	 hear	 how	 Quirrell	 had	 fought	 off	 the	 zombie,
Quirrell	went	pink	and	started	talking	about	the	weather;	for	another,	they	had

=== PDF page 126 ===
noticed	that	a	funny	smell	hung	around	the	turban,	and	the	Weasley	twins
insisted	that	it	was	stuffed	full	of	garlic	as	well,	so	that	Quirrell	was	protected
wherever	he	went.
Harry	was	very	relieved	to	find	out	that	he	wasn’t	miles	behind	everyone
else.	Lots	of	people	had	come	from	Muggle	families	and,	like	him,	hadn’t	had
any	idea	that	they	were	witches	and	wizards.	There	was	so	much	to	learn	that
even	people	like	Ron	didn’t	have	much	of	a	head	start.
Friday	was	an	important	day	for	Harry	and	Ron.	They	finally	managed	to
find	their	way	down	to	the	Great	Hall	for	breakfast	without	getting	lost	once.
“What	have	we	got	today?”	Harry	asked	Ron	as	he	poured	sugar	on	his
porridge.
“Double	Potions	with	the	Slytherins,”	said	Ron.	“Snape’s	Head	of	Slytherin
House.	They	say	he	always	favors	them	—	we’ll	be	able	to	see	if	it’s	true.”
“Wish	McGonagall	favored	us,”	said	Harry.	Professor	McGonagall	was
head	of	Gryffindor	House,	but	it	hadn’t	stopped	her	from	giving	them	a	huge
pile	of	homework	the	day	before.
Just	then,	the	mail	arrived.	Harry	had	gotten	used	to	this	by	now,	but	it	had
given	him	a	bit	of	a	shock	on	the	first	morning,	when	about	a	hundred	owls
had	suddenly	streamed	into	the	Great	Hall	during	breakfast,	circling	the	tables
until	they	saw	their	owners,	and	dropping	letters	and	packages	onto	their	laps.
Hedwig	hadn’t	brought	Harry	anything	so	far.	She	sometimes	flew	in	to
nibble	his	ear	and	have	a	bit	of	toast	before	going	off	to	sleep	in	the	owlery
with	 the	 other	 school	 owls.	 This	 morning,	 however,	 she	 fluttered	 down
between	the	marmalade	and	the	sugar	bowl	and	dropped	a	note	onto	Harry’s
plate.	Harry	tore	it	open	at	once.	It	said,	in	a	very	untidy	scrawl:
Dear	Harry,
I	know	you	get	Friday	afternoons	off,	so	would	you	like	to	come	and
have	a	cup	of	tea	with	me	around	three?	I	want	to	hear	all	about	your
first	week.	Send	us	an	answer	back	with	Hedwig.
Hagrid
