=== PDF page 26 ===
1: N
2: 	
3: CHAPTER		TWO
4: THE	VANISHING	GLASS
5: early	ten	years	had	passed	since	the	Dursleys	had	woken	up	to	find
6: their	nephew	on	the	front	step,	but	Privet	Drive	had	hardly	changed	at
7: all.	The	sun	rose	on	the	same	tidy	front	gardens	and	lit	up	the	brass	number
8: four	on	the	Dursleys’	front	door;	it	crept	into	their	living	room,	which	was
9: almost	exactly	the	same	as	it	had	been	on	the	night	when	Mr.	Dursley	had
10: seen	that	fateful	news	report	about	the	owls.	Only	the	photographs	on	the
11: mantelpiece	really	showed	how	much	time	had	passed.	Ten	years	ago,	there
12: had	been	lots	of	pictures	of	what	looked	like	a	large	pink	beach	ball	wearing
13: different-colored	bonnets	—	but	Dudley	Dursley	was	no	longer	a	baby,	and
14: now	the	photographs	showed	a	large	blond	boy	riding	his	first	bicycle,	on	a
15: carousel	at	the	fair,	playing	a	computer	game	with	his	father,	being	hugged
16: and	kissed	by	his	mother.	The	room	held	no	sign	at	all	that	another	boy	lived
17: in	the	house,	too.
18: Yet	Harry	Potter	was	still	there,	asleep	at	the	moment,	but	not	for	long.	His
19: Aunt	Petunia	was	awake	and	it	was	her	shrill	voice	that	made	the	first	noise	of
20: the	day.
21: “Up!	Get	up!	Now!”
22: Harry	woke	with	a	start.	His	aunt	rapped	on	the	door	again.
23: “Up!”	she	screeched.	Harry	heard	her	walking	toward	the	kitchen	and	then
24: the	sound	of	the	frying	pan	being	put	on	the	stove.	He	rolled	onto	his	back
25: and	tried	to	remember	the	dream	he	had	been	having.	It	had	been	a	good	one.

=== PDF page 27 ===
1: There	had	been	a	flying	motorcycle	in	it.	He	had	a	funny	feeling	he’d	had	the
2: same	dream	before.
3: His	aunt	was	back	outside	the	door.
4: “Are	you	up	yet?”	she	demanded.
5: “Nearly,”	said	Harry.
6: “Well,	get	a	move	on,	I	want	you	to	look	after	the	bacon.	And	don’t	you
7: dare	let	it	burn,	I	want	everything	perfect	on	Duddy’s	birthday.”
8: Harry	groaned.
9: “What	did	you	say?”	his	aunt	snapped	through	the	door.
10: “Nothing,	nothing	.	.	.”
11: Dudley’s	birthday	—	how	could	he	have	forgotten?	Harry	got	slowly	out	of
12: bed	and	started	looking	for	socks.	He	found	a	pair	under	his	bed	and,	after
13: pulling	a	spider	off	one	of	them,	put	them	on.	Harry	was	used	to	spiders,
14: because	the	cupboard	under	the	stairs	was	full	of	them,	and	that	was	where	he
15: slept.
16: When	he	was	dressed	he	went	down	the	hall	into	the	kitchen.	The	table	was
17: almost	hidden	beneath	all	Dudley’s	birthday	presents.	It	looked	as	though
18: Dudley	had	gotten	the	new	computer	he	wanted,	not	to	mention	the	second
19: television	and	the	racing	bike.	Exactly	why	Dudley	wanted	a	racing	bike	was
20: a	mystery	to	Harry,	as	Dudley	was	very	fat	and	hated	exercise	—	unless	of
21: course	it	involved	punching	somebody.	Dudley’s	favorite	punching	bag	was
22: Harry,	but	he	couldn’t	often	catch	him.	Harry	didn’t	look	it,	but	he	was	very
23: fast.
24: Perhaps	it	had	something	to	do	with	living	in	a	dark	cupboard,	but	Harry
25: had	always	been	small	and	skinny	for	his	age.	He	looked	even	smaller	and
26: skinnier	than	he	really	was	because	all	he	had	to	wear	were	old	clothes	of
27: Dudley’s,	and	Dudley	was	about	four	times	bigger	than	he	was.	Harry	had	a
28: thin	face,	knobbly	knees,	black	hair,	and	bright	green	eyes.	He	wore	round
29: glasses	held	together	with	a	lot	of	Scotch	tape	because	of	all	the	times	Dudley
30: had	punched	him	on	the	nose.	The	only	thing	Harry	liked	about	his	own
31: appearance	was	a	very	thin	scar	on	his	forehead	that	was	shaped	like	a	bolt	of

=== PDF page 28 ===
1: lightning.	He	had	had	it	as	long	as	he	could	remember,	and	the	first	question
2: he	could	ever	remember	asking	his	Aunt	Petunia	was	how	he	had	gotten	it.
3: “In	the	car	crash	when	your	parents	died,”	she	had	said.	“And	don’t	ask
4: questions.”
5: Don’t	ask	questions
6: 	—	that	was	the	first	rule	for	a	quiet	life	with	the
7: Dursleys.
8: Uncle	Vernon	entered	the	kitchen	as	Harry	was	turning	over	the	bacon.
9: “Comb	your	hair!”	he	barked,	by	way	of	a	morning	greeting.
10: About	once	a	week,	Uncle	Vernon	looked	over	the	top	of	his	newspaper
11: and	shouted	that	Harry	needed	a	haircut.	Harry	must	have	had	more	haircuts
12: than	the	rest	of	the	boys	in	his	class	put	together,	but	it	made	no	difference,
13: his	hair	simply	grew	that	way	—	all	over	the	place.
14: Harry	was	frying	eggs	by	the	time	Dudley	arrived	in	the	kitchen	with	his
15: mother.	Dudley	looked	a	lot	like	Uncle	Vernon.	He	had	a	large	pink	face,	not
16: much	neck,	small,	watery	blue	eyes,	and	thick	blond	hair	that	lay	smoothly	on
17: his	thick,	fat	head.	Aunt	Petunia	often	said	that	Dudley	looked	like	a	baby
18: angel	—	Harry	often	said	that	Dudley	looked	like	a	pig	in	a	wig.
19: Harry	put	the	plates	of	egg	and	bacon	on	the	table,	which	was	difficult	as
20: there	wasn’t	much	room.	Dudley,	meanwhile,	was	counting	his	presents.	His
21: face	fell.
22: “Thirty-six,”	he	said,	looking	up	at	his	mother	and	father.	“That’s	two	less
23: than	last	year.”
24: “Darling,	you	haven’t	counted	Auntie	Marge’s	present,	see,	it’s	here	under
25: this	big	one	from	Mummy	and	Daddy.”
26: “All	right,	thirty-seven	then,”	said	Dudley,	going	red	in	the	face.	Harry,
27: who	could	see	a	huge	Dudley	tantrum	coming	on,	began	wolfing	down	his
28: bacon	as	fast	as	possible	in	case	Dudley	turned	the	table	over.
29: Aunt	 Petunia	 obviously	 scented	 danger,	 too,	 because	 she	 said	 quickly,
30: “And	we’ll	buy	you	another	two	presents	while	we’re	out	today.	How’s	that,
31: popkin?	
32: Two
33: 	more	presents.	Is	that	all	right?”

=== PDF page 29 ===
1: Dudley	thought	for	a	moment.	It	looked	like	hard	work.	Finally	he	said
2: slowly,	“So	I’ll	have	thirty	.	.	.	thirty	.	.	.”
3: “Thirty-nine,	sweetums,”	said	Aunt	Petunia.
4: “Oh.”	Dudley	sat	down	heavily	and	grabbed	the	nearest	parcel.	“All	right
5: then.”
6: Uncle	Vernon	chuckled.
7: “Little	 tyke	 wants	 his	 money’s	 worth,	 just	 like	 his	 father.	 ’Atta	 boy,
8: Dudley!”	He	ruffled	Dudley’s	hair.
9: At	that	moment	the	telephone	rang	and	Aunt	Petunia	went	to	answer	it
10: while	Harry	and	Uncle	Vernon	watched	Dudley	unwrap	the	racing	bike,	a
11: video	camera,	a	remote	control	airplane,	sixteen	new	computer	games,	and	a
12: VCR.	He	was	ripping	the	paper	off	a	gold	wristwatch	when	Aunt	Petunia
13: came	back	from	the	telephone	looking	both	angry	and	worried.
14: “Bad	news,	Vernon,”	she	said.	“Mrs.	Figg’s	broken	her	leg.	She	can’t	take
15: him.”	She	jerked	her	head	in	Harry’s	direction.
16: Dudley’s	mouth	fell	open	in	horror,	but	Harry’s	heart	gave	a	leap.	Every
17: year	on	Dudley’s	birthday,	his	parents	took	him	and	a	friend	out	for	the	day,	to
18: adventure	parks,	hamburger	restaurants,	or	the	movies.	Every	year,	Harry	was
19: left	behind	with	Mrs.	Figg,	a	mad	old	lady	who	lived	two	streets	away.	Harry
20: hated	it	there.	The	whole	house	smelled	of	cabbage	and	Mrs.	Figg	made	him
21: look	at	photographs	of	all	the	cats	she’d	ever	owned.
22: “Now	what?”	said	Aunt	Petunia,	looking	furiously	at	Harry	as	though	he’d
23: planned	this.	Harry	knew	he	ought	to	feel	sorry	that	Mrs.	Figg	had	broken	her
24: leg,	but	it	wasn’t	easy	when	he	reminded	himself	it	would	be	a	whole	year
25: before	he	had	to	look	at	Tibbles,	Snowy,	Mr.	Paws,	and	Tufty	again.
26: “We	could	phone	Marge,”	Uncle	Vernon	suggested.
27: “Don’t	be	silly,	Vernon,	she	hates	the	boy.”
28: The	Dursleys	often	spoke	about	Harry	like	this,	as	though	he	wasn’t	there
29: —	or	rather,	as	though	he	was	something	very	nasty	that	couldn’t	understand
30: them,	like	a	slug.

=== PDF page 30 ===
1: “What	about	what’s-her-name,	your	friend	—	Yvonne?”
2: “On	vacation	in	Majorca,”	snapped	Aunt	Petunia.
3: “You	could	just	leave	me	here,”	Harry	put	in	hopefully	(he’d	be	able	to
4: watch	what	he	wanted	on	television	for	a	change	and	maybe	even	have	a	go
5: on	Dudley’s	computer).
6: Aunt	Petunia	looked	as	though	she’d	just	swallowed	a	lemon.
7: “And	come	back	and	find	the	house	in	ruins?”	she	snarled.
8: “I	won’t	blow	up	the	house,”	said	Harry,	but	they	weren’t	listening.
9: “I	suppose	we	could	take	him	to	the	zoo,”	said	Aunt	Petunia	slowly,	“.	.	.
10: and	leave	him	in	the	car.	.	.	.”
11: “That	car’s	new,	he’s	not	sitting	in	it	alone.	.	.	.”
12: Dudley	began	to	cry	loudly.	In	fact,	he	wasn’t	really	crying	—	it	had	been
13: years	since	he’d	really	cried	—	but	he	knew	that	if	he	screwed	up	his	face	and
14: wailed,	his	mother	would	give	him	anything	he	wanted.
15: “Dinky	Duddydums,	don’t	cry,	Mummy	won’t	let	him	spoil	your	special
16: day!”	she	cried,	flinging	her	arms	around	him.
17: “I	.	.	.	don’t	.	.	.	want	.	.	.	him	.	.	.	t-t-to	come!”	Dudley	yelled	between
18: huge,	pretend	sobs.	“He	always	sp-spoils	everything!”	He	shot	Harry	a	nasty
19: grin	through	the	gap	in	his	mother’s	arms.
20: Just	then,	the	doorbell	rang	—“Oh,	good	Lord,	they’re	here!”	said	Aunt
21: Petunia	frantically	—	and	a	moment	later,	Dudley’s	best	friend,	Piers	Polkiss,
22: walked	in	with	his	mother.	Piers	was	a	scrawny	boy	with	a	face	like	a	rat.	He
23: was	usually	the	one	who	held	people’s	arms	behind	their	backs	while	Dudley
24: hit	them.	Dudley	stopped	pretending	to	cry	at	once.
25: Half	an	hour	later,	Harry,	who	couldn’t	believe	his	luck,	was	sitting	in	the
26: back	of	the	Dursleys’	car	with	Piers	and	Dudley,	on	the	way	to	the	zoo	for	the
27: first	time	in	his	life.	His	aunt	and	uncle	hadn’t	been	able	to	think	of	anything
28: else	to	do	with	him,	but	before	they’d	left,	Uncle	Vernon	had	taken	Harry
29: aside.
30: “I’m	warning	you,”	he	had	said,	putting	his	large	purple	face	right	up	close

=== PDF page 31 ===
1: to	Harry’s,	“I’m	warning	you	now,	boy	—	any	funny	business,	anything	at	all
2: —	and	you’ll	be	in	that	cupboard	from	now	until	Christmas.”
3: “I’m	not	going	to	do	anything,”	said	Harry,	“honestly	.	.	.”
4: But	Uncle	Vernon	didn’t	believe	him.	No	one	ever	did.
5: The	problem	was,	strange	things	often	happened	around	Harry	and	it	was
6: just	no	good	telling	the	Dursleys	he	didn’t	make	them	happen.
7: Once,	Aunt	Petunia,	tired	of	Harry	coming	back	from	the	barbers	looking
8: as	though	he	hadn’t	been	at	all,	had	taken	a	pair	of	kitchen	scissors	and	cut	his
9: hair	so	short	he	was	almost	bald	except	for	his	bangs,	which	she	left	“to	hide
10: that	horrible	scar.”	Dudley	had	laughed	himself	silly	at	Harry,	who	spent	a
11: sleepless	night	imagining	school	the	next	day,	where	he	was	already	laughed
12: at	for	his	baggy	clothes	and	taped	glasses.	Next	morning,	however,	he	had
13: gotten	up	to	find	his	hair	exactly	as	it	had	been	before	Aunt	Petunia	had
14: sheared	it	off.	He	had	been	given	a	week	in	his	cupboard	for	this,	even	though
15: he	had	tried	to	explain	that	he	
16: couldn’t
17: 	explain	how	it	had	grown	back	so
18: quickly.
19: Another	time,	Aunt	Petunia	had	been	trying	to	force	him	into	a	revolting
20: old	sweater	of	Dudley’s	(brown	with	orange	puff	balls).	The	harder	she	tried
21: to	pull	it	over	his	head,	the	smaller	it	seemed	to	become,	until	finally	it	might
22: have	fitted	a	hand	puppet,	but	certainly	wouldn’t	fit	Harry.	Aunt	Petunia	had
23: decided	it	must	have	shrunk	in	the	wash	and,	to	his	great	relief,	Harry	wasn’t
24: punished.
25: On	the	other	hand,	he’d	gotten	into	terrible	trouble	for	being	found	on	the
26: roof	of	the	school	kitchens.	Dudley’s	gang	had	been	chasing	him	as	usual
27: when,	as	much	to	Harry’s	surprise	as	anyone	else’s,	there	he	was	sitting	on	the
28: chimney.	 The	 Dursleys	 had	 received	 a	 very	 angry	 letter	 from	 Harry’s
29: headmistress	telling	them	Harry	had	been	climbing	school	buildings.	But	all
30: he’d	tried	to	do	(as	he	shouted	at	Uncle	Vernon	through	the	locked	door	of	his
31: cupboard)	was	jump	behind	the	big	trash	cans	outside	the	kitchen	doors.
32: Harry	supposed	that	the	wind	must	have	caught	him	in	mid-jump.
33: But	today,	nothing	was	going	to	go	wrong.	It	was	even	worth	being	with
34: Dudley	and	Piers	to	be	spending	the	day	somewhere	that	wasn’t	school,	his

=== PDF page 32 ===
1: cupboard,	or	Mrs.	Figg’s	cabbage-smelling	living	room.
2: While	he	drove,	Uncle	Vernon	complained	to	Aunt	Petunia.	He	liked	to
3: complain	about	things:	people	at	work,	Harry,	the	council,	Harry,	the	bank,
4: and	Harry	were	just	a	few	of	his	favorite	subjects.	This	morning,	it	was
5: motorcycles.
6: “.	 .	 .	 roaring	 along	 like	 maniacs,	 the	 young	 hoodlums,”	 he	 said,	 as	 a
7: motorcycle	overtook	them.
8: “I	had	a	dream	about	a	motorcycle,”	said	Harry,	remembering	suddenly.	“It
9: was	flying.”
10: Uncle	Vernon	nearly	crashed	into	the	car	in	front.	He	turned	right	around	in
11: his	seat	and	yelled	at	Harry,	his	face	like	a	gigantic	beet	with	a	mustache:
12: “MOTORCYCLES	DON’T	FLY!”
13: Dudley	and	Piers	sniggered.
14: “I	know	they	don’t,”	said	Harry.	“It	was	only	a	dream.”
15: But	he	wished	he	hadn’t	said	anything.	If	there	was	one	thing	the	Dursleys
16: hated	even	more	than	his	asking	questions,	it	was	his	talking	about	anything
17: acting	in	a	way	it	shouldn’t,	no	matter	if	it	was	in	a	dream	or	even	a	cartoon
18: —	they	seemed	to	think	he	might	get	dangerous	ideas.
19: It	was	a	very	sunny	Saturday	and	the	zoo	was	crowded	with	families.	The
20: Dursleys	bought	Dudley	and	Piers	large	chocolate	ice	creams	at	the	entrance
21: and	then,	because	the	smiling	lady	in	the	van	had	asked	Harry	what	he	wanted
22: before	they	could	hurry	him	away,	they	bought	him	a	cheap	lemon	ice	pop.	It
23: wasn’t	 bad,	 either,	 Harry	 thought,	 licking	 it	 as	 they	 watched	 a	 gorilla
24: scratching	its	head	who	looked	remarkably	like	Dudley,	except	that	it	wasn’t
25: blond.
26: Harry	had	the	best	morning	he’d	had	in	a	long	time.	He	was	careful	to	walk
27: a	little	way	apart	from	the	Dursleys	so	that	Dudley	and	Piers,	who	were
28: starting	to	get	bored	with	the	animals	by	lunchtime,	wouldn’t	fall	back	on
29: their	favorite	hobby	of	hitting	him.	They	ate	in	the	zoo	restaurant,	and	when
30: Dudley	had	a	tantrum	because	his	knickerbocker	glory	didn’t	have	enough	ice
31: cream	on	top,	Uncle	Vernon	bought	him	another	one	and	Harry	was	allowed

=== PDF page 33 ===
1: to	finish	the	first.
2: Harry	felt,	afterward,	that	he	should	have	known	it	was	all	too	good	to	last.
3: After	lunch	they	went	to	the	reptile	house.	It	was	cool	and	dark	in	there,
4: with	lit	windows	all	along	the	walls.	Behind	the	glass,	all	sorts	of	lizards	and
5: snakes	were	crawling	and	slithering	over	bits	of	wood	and	stone.	Dudley	and
6: Piers	wanted	to	see	huge,	poisonous	cobras	and	thick,	man-crushing	pythons.
7: Dudley	quickly	found	the	largest	snake	in	the	place.	It	could	have	wrapped	its
8: body	twice	around	Uncle	Vernon’s	car	and	crushed	it	into	a	trash	can	—	but	at
9: the	moment	it	didn’t	look	in	the	mood.	In	fact,	it	was	fast	asleep.
10: Dudley	 stood	 with	 his	 nose	 pressed	 against	 the	 glass,	 staring	 at	 the
11: glistening	brown	coils.
12: “Make	it	move,”	he	whined	at	his	father.	Uncle	Vernon	tapped	on	the	glass,
13: but	the	snake	didn’t	budge.
14: “Do	it	again,”	Dudley	ordered.	Uncle	Vernon	rapped	the	glass	smartly	with
15: his	knuckles,	but	the	snake	just	snoozed	on.
16: “This	is	boring,”	Dudley	moaned.	He	shuffled	away.
17: Harry	moved	in	front	of	the	tank	and	looked	intently	at	the	snake.	He
18: wouldn’t	have	been	surprised	if	it	had	died	of	boredom	itself	—	no	company
19: except	stupid	people	drumming	their	fingers	on	the	glass	trying	to	disturb	it
20: all	day	long.	It	was	worse	than	having	a	cupboard	as	a	bedroom,	where	the
21: only	visitor	was	Aunt	Petunia	hammering	on	the	door	to	wake	you	up;	at	least
22: he	got	to	visit	the	rest	of	the	house.
23: The	snake	suddenly	opened	its	beady	eyes.	Slowly,	very	slowly,	it	raised	its
24: head	until	its	eyes	were	on	a	level	with	Harry’s.
25: It	winked.
26: Harry	 stared.	 Then	 he	 looked	 quickly	 around	 to	 see	 if	 anyone	 was
27: watching.	They	weren’t.	He	looked	back	at	the	snake	and	winked,	too.
28: The	snake	jerked	its	head	toward	Uncle	Vernon	and	Dudley,	then	raised	its
29: eyes	to	the	ceiling.	It	gave	Harry	a	look	that	said	quite	plainly:
30: “I	get	that	all	the	time.”

=== PDF page 34 ===
1: “I	know,”	Harry	murmured	through	the	glass,	though	he	wasn’t	sure	the
2: snake	could	hear	him.	“It	must	be	really	annoying.”
3: The	snake	nodded	vigorously.
4: “Where	do	you	come	from,	anyway?”	Harry	asked.
5: The	snake	jabbed	its	tail	at	a	little	sign	next	to	the	glass.	Harry	peered	at	it.
6: Boa	Constrictor,	Brazil.
7: “Was	it	nice	there?”
8: The	boa	constrictor	jabbed	its	tail	at	the	sign	again	and	Harry	read	on:	This
9: specimen	was	bred	in	the	zoo.	“Oh,	I	see	—	so	you’ve	never	been	to	Brazil?”
10: As	the	snake	shook	its	head,	a	deafening	shout	behind	Harry	made	both	of
11: them	jump.	“DUDLEY!	MR.	DURSLEY!	COME	AND	LOOK	AT	THIS
12: SNAKE!	YOU	WON’T	
13: BELIEVE
14: 	WHAT	IT’S	DOING!”
15: Dudley	came	waddling	toward	them	as	fast	as	he	could.
16: “Out	of	the	way,	you,”	he	said,	punching	Harry	in	the	ribs.	Caught	by
17: surprise,	Harry	fell	hard	on	the	concrete	floor.	What	came	next	happened	so
18: fast	no	one	saw	how	it	happened	—	one	second,	Piers	and	Dudley	were
19: leaning	right	up	close	to	the	glass,	the	next,	they	had	leapt	back	with	howls	of
20: horror.
21: Harry	sat	up	and	gasped;	the	glass	front	of	the	boa	constrictor’s	tank	had
22: vanished.	The	great	snake	was	uncoiling	itself	rapidly,	slithering	out	onto	the
23: floor.	People	throughout	the	reptile	house	screamed	and	started	running	for
24: the	exits.
25: As	the	snake	slid	swiftly	past	him,	Harry	could	have	sworn	a	low,	hissing
26: voice	said,	“Brazil,	here	I	come.	.	.	.	Thanksss,	amigo.”
27: The	keeper	of	the	reptile	house	was	in	shock.
28: “But	the	glass,”	he	kept	saying,	“where	did	the	glass	go?”
29: The	zoo	director	himself	made	Aunt	Petunia	a	cup	of	strong,	sweet	tea
30: while	he	apologized	over	and	over	again.	Piers	and	Dudley	could	only	gibber.
31: As	 far	 as	 Harry	 had	 seen,	 the	 snake	 hadn’t	 done	 anything	 except	 snap

=== PDF page 35 ===
1: playfully	at	their	heels	as	it	passed,	but	by	the	time	they	were	all	back	in
2: Uncle	Vernon’s	car,	Dudley	was	telling	them	how	it	had	nearly	bitten	off	his
3: leg,	while	Piers	was	swearing	it	had	tried	to	squeeze	him	to	death.	But	worst
4: of	all,	for	Harry	at	least,	was	Piers	calming	down	enough	to	say,	“Harry	was
5: talking	to	it,	weren’t	you,	Harry?”
6: Uncle	Vernon	waited	until	Piers	was	safely	out	of	the	house	before	starting
7: on	Harry.	He	was	so	angry	he	could	hardly	speak.	He	managed	to	say,	“Go	—
8: cupboard	—	stay	—	no	meals,”	before	he	collapsed	into	a	chair,	and	Aunt
9: Petunia	had	to	run	and	get	him	a	large	brandy.
10: Harry	lay	in	his	dark	cupboard	much	later,	wishing	he	had	a	watch.	He	didn’t
11: know	what	time	it	was	and	he	couldn’t	be	sure	the	Dursleys	were	asleep	yet.
12: Until	they	were,	he	couldn’t	risk	sneaking	to	the	kitchen	for	some	food.
13: He’d	lived	with	the	Dursleys	almost	ten	years,	ten	miserable	years,	as	long
14: as	he	could	remember,	ever	since	he’d	been	a	baby	and	his	parents	had	died	in
15: that	car	crash.	He	couldn’t	remember	being	in	the	car	when	his	parents	had
16: died.	Sometimes,	 when	he	 strained	his	 memory	during	 long	hours	 in	 his
17: cupboard,	he	came	up	with	a	strange	vision:	a	blinding	flash	of	green	light
18: and	a	burning	pain	on	his	forehead.	This,	he	supposed,	was	the	crash,	though
19: he	 couldn’t	 imagine	 where	 all	 the	 green	 light	 came	 from.	 He	 couldn’t
20: remember	his	parents	at	all.	His	aunt	and	uncle	never	spoke	about	them,	and
21: of	course	he	was	forbidden	to	ask	questions.	There	were	no	photographs	of
22: them	in	the	house.
23: When	he	had	been	younger,	Harry	had	dreamed	and	dreamed	of	some
24: unknown	relation	coming	to	take	him	away,	but	it	had	never	happened;	the
25: Dursleys	were	his	only	family.	Yet	sometimes	he	thought	(or	maybe	hoped)
26: that	strangers	in	the	street	seemed	to	know	him.	Very	strange	strangers	they
27: were,	too.	A	tiny	man	in	a	violet	top	hat	had	bowed	to	him	once	while	out
28: shopping	with	Aunt	Petunia	and	Dudley.	After	asking	Harry	furiously	if	he
29: knew	the	man,	Aunt	Petunia	had	rushed	them	out	of	the	shop	without	buying
30: anything.	A	wild-looking	old	woman	dressed	all	in	green	had	waved	merrily
31: at	him	once	on	a	bus.	A	bald	man	in	a	very	long	purple	coat	had	actually
32: shaken	his	hand	in	the	street	the	other	day	and	then	walked	away	without	a
33: word.	The	weirdest	thing	about	all	these	people	was	the	way	they	seemed	to

=== PDF page 36 ===
1: vanish	the	second	Harry	tried	to	get	a	closer	look.
2: At	school,	Harry	had	no	one.	Everybody	knew	that	Dudley’s	gang	hated
3: that	odd	Harry	Potter	in	his	baggy	old	clothes	and	broken	glasses,	and	nobody
4: liked	to	disagree	with	Dudley’s	gang.