=== PDF page 790 ===
“Yeah,	reckon	so,”	said	Harry	casually.
“Got	plenty	of	special	features,	hasn’t	it?”	said	Malfoy,	eyes	glittering
maliciously.	“Shame	it	doesn’t	come	with	a	parachute	—	in	case	you	get	too
near	a	dementor.”
Crabbe	and	Goyle	sniggered.
“Pity	you	can’t	attach	an	extra	arm	to	yours,	Malfoy,”	said	Harry.	“Then	it
could	catch	the	Snitch	for	you.”
The	Gryffindor	team	laughed	loudly.	Malfoy’s	pale	eyes	narrowed,	and	he
stalked	away.	They	watched	him	rejoin	the	rest	of	the	Slytherin	team,	who	put
their	heads	together,	no	doubt	asking	Malfoy	whether	Harry’s	broom	really
was	a	Firebolt.
At	a	quarter	to	eleven,	the	Gryffindor	team	set	off	for	the	locker	rooms.	The
weather	 couldn’t	 have	 been	 more	 different	 from	 their	 match	 against
Hufflepuff.	It	was	a	clear,	cool	day	with	a	very	light	breeze;	there	would	be	no
visibility	problems	this	time,	and	Harry,	though	nervous,	was	starting	to	feel
the	excitement	only	a	Quidditch	match	could	bring.	They	could	hear	the	rest
of	the	school	moving	into	the	stadium	beyond.	Harry	took	off	his	black	school
robes,	removed	his	wand	from	his	pocket,	and	stuck	it	inside	the	T-shirt	he
was	going	to	wear	under	his	Quidditch	robes.	He	only	hoped	he	wouldn’t
need	it.	He	wondered	suddenly	whether	Professor	Lupin	was	in	the	crowd,
watching.
“You	know	what	we’ve	got	to	do,”	said	Wood	as	they	prepared	to	leave	the
locker	rooms.	“If	we	lose	this	match,	we’re	out	of	the	running.	Just	—	just	fly
like	you	did	in	practice	yesterday,	and	we’ll	be	okay!”
They	walked	out	onto	the	field	to	tumultuous	applause.	The	Ravenclaw
team,	dressed	in	blue,	were	already	standing	in	the	middle	of	the	field.	Their
Seeker,	Cho	Chang,	was	the	only	girl	on	their	team.	She	was	shorter	than
Harry	by	about	a	head,	and	Harry	couldn’t	help	noticing,	nervous	as	he	was,
that	she	was	extremely	pretty.	She	smiled	at	Harry	as	the	teams	faced	each
other	behind	their	captains,	and	he	felt	a	slight	lurch	in	the	region	of	his
stomach	that	he	didn’t	think	had	anything	to	do	with	nerves.
