=== PDF page 789 ===
Scabbers	with	a	couple	of	birds	now.	.	.	.”
Harry	didn’t	say	anything.	He	took	a	deep	breath	as	relief	seeped	through
him;	he	had	been	sure	for	a	moment	that	those	eyes	had	belonged	to	the	Grim.
They	set	off	for	the	castle	once	more.	Slightly	ashamed	of	his	moment	of
panic,	Harry	didn’t	say	anything	to	Ron	—	nor	did	he	look	left	or	right	until
they	had	reached	the	well-lit	entrance	hall.
Harry	went	down	to	breakfast	the	next	morning	with	the	rest	of	the	boys	in	his
dormitory,	all	of	whom	seemed	to	think	the	Firebolt	deserved	a	sort	of	guard
of	honor.	As	Harry	entered	the	Great	Hall,	heads	turned	in	the	direction	of	the
Firebolt,	and	there	was	a	good	deal	of	excited	muttering.	Harry	saw,	with
enormous	satisfaction,	that	the	Slytherin	team	were	all	looking	thunderstruck.
“Did	you	see	his	face?”	said	Ron	gleefully,	looking	back	at	Malfoy.	“He
can’t	believe	it!	This	is	brilliant!”
Wood,	too,	was	basking	in	the	reflected	glory	of	the	Firebolt.
“Put	it	here,	Harry,”	he	said,	laying	the	broom	in	the	middle	of	the	table
and	 carefully	 turning	 it	 so	 that	 its	 name	 faced	 upward.	 People	 from	 the
Ravenclaw	and	Hufflepuff	tables	were	soon	coming	over	to	look.	Cedric
Diggory	came	over	to	congratulate	Harry	on	having	acquired	such	a	superb
replacement	 for	 his	 Nimbus,	 and	 Percy’s	 Ravenclaw	 girlfriend,	 Penelope
Clearwater,	asked	if	she	could	actually	hold	the	Firebolt.
“Now,	now,	Penny,	no	sabotage!”	said	Percy	heartily	as	she	examined	the
Firebolt	closely.	“Penelope	and	I	have	got	a	bet	on,”	he	told	the	team.	“Ten
Galleons	on	the	outcome	of	the	match!”
Penelope	put	the	Firebolt	down	again,	thanked	Harry,	and	went	back	to	her
table.
“Harry	—	make	sure	you	win,”	said	Percy,	in	an	urgent	whisper.	“
I	haven’t
got	ten	Galleons.
	Yes,	I’m	coming,	Penny!”	And	he	bustled	off	to	join	her	in	a
piece	of	toast.
“Sure	you	can	manage	that	broom,	Potter?”	said	a	cold,	drawling	voice.
Draco	Malfoy	had	arrived	for	a	closer	look,	Crabbe	and	Goyle	right	behind
him.
