=== PDF page 359 ===
sleeves	of	her	robes,	grasped	one	of	the	tufty	plants	firmly,	and	pulled	hard.
Harry	let	out	a	gasp	of	surprise	that	no	one	could	hear.
Instead	of	roots,	a	small,	muddy,	and	extremely	ugly	baby	popped	out	of
the	earth.	The	leaves	were	growing	right	out	of	his	head.	He	had	pale	green,
mottled	skin,	and	was	clearly	bawling	at	the	top	of	his	lungs.
Professor	Sprout	took	a	large	plant	pot	from	under	the	table	and	plunged
the	Mandrake	into	it,	burying	him	in	dark,	damp	compost	until	only	the	tufted
leaves	were	visible.	Professor	Sprout	dusted	off	her	hands,	gave	them	all	the
thumbs-up,	and	removed	her	own	earmuffs.
“As	our	Mandrakes	are	only	seedlings,	their	cries	won’t	kill	yet,”	she	said
calmly	as	though	she’d	just	done	nothing	more	exciting	than	water	a	begonia.
“However,	they	
will
	knock	you	out	for	several	hours,	and	as	I’m	sure	none	of
you	want	to	miss	your	first	day	back,	make	sure	your	earmuffs	are	securely	in
place	while	you	work.	I	will	attract	your	attention	when	it	is	time	to	pack	up.
“Four	to	a	tray	—	there	is	a	large	supply	of	pots	here	—	compost	in	the
sacks	over	there	—	and	be	careful	of	the	Venomous	Tentacula,	it’s	teething.”
She	gave	a	sharp	slap	to	a	spiky,	dark	red	plant	as	she	spoke,	making	it
draw	in	the	long	feelers	that	had	been	inching	sneakily	over	her	shoulder.
Harry,	 Ron,	 and	 Hermione	 were	 joined	 at	 their	 tray	 by	 a	 curly-haired
Hufflepuff	boy	Harry	knew	by	sight	but	had	never	spoken	to.
“Justin	 Finch-Fletchley,”	 he	 said	 brightly,	 shaking	 Harry	 by	 the	 hand.
“Know	who	you	are,	of	course,	the	famous	Harry	Potter.	.	.	.	And	you’re
Hermione	Granger	—	always	top	in	everything”	(Hermione	beamed	as	she
had	her	hand	shaken	too)	“—	and	Ron	Weasley.	Wasn’t	that	your	flying	car?”
Ron	didn’t	smile.	The	Howler	was	obviously	still	on	his	mind.
“That	Lockhart’s	something,	isn’t	he?”	said	Justin	happily	as	they	began
filling	their	plant	pots	with	dragon	dung	compost.	“Awfully	brave	chap.	Have
you	read	his	books?	I’d	have	died	of	fear	if	I’d	been	cornered	in	a	telephone
booth	by	a	werewolf,	but	he	stayed	cool	and	—	zap	—	just	
fantastic.
“My	name	was	down	for	Eton,	you	know.	I	can’t	tell	you	how	glad	I	am	I
