=== PDF page 356 ===
Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	left	the	castle	together,	crossed	the	vegetable
patch,	and	made	for	the	greenhouses,	where	the	magical	plants	were	kept.	At
least	the	Howler	had	done	one	good	thing:	Hermione	seemed	to	think	they
had	now	been	punished	enough	and	was	being	perfectly	friendly	again.
As	they	neared	the	greenhouses	they	saw	the	rest	of	the	class	standing
outside,	waiting	for	Professor	Sprout.	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	had	only	just
joined	them	when	she	came	striding	into	view	across	the	lawn,	accompanied
by	Gilderoy	Lockhart.	Professor	Sprout’s	arms	were	full	of	bandages,	and
with	another	twinge	of	guilt,	Harry	spotted	the	Whomping	Willow	in	the
distance,	several	of	its	branches	now	in	slings.
Professor	Sprout	was	a	squat	little	witch	who	wore	a	patched	hat	over	her
flyaway	hair;	there	was	usually	a	large	amount	of	earth	on	her	clothes	and	her
fingernails	would	have	made	Aunt	Petunia	faint.	Gilderoy	Lockhart,	however,
was	immaculate	in	sweeping	robes	of	turquoise,	his	golden	hair	shining	under
a	perfectly	positioned	turquoise	hat	with	gold	trimming.
“Oh,	hello	there!”	he	called,	beaming	around	at	the	assembled	students.
“Just	been	showing	Professor	Sprout	the	right	way	to	doctor	a	Whomping
Willow!	But	I	don’t	want	you	running	away	with	the	idea	that	I’m	better	at
Herbology	than	she	is!	I	just	happen	to	have	met	several	of	these	exotic	plants
on	my	travels	.	.	.”
“Greenhouse	three	today,	chaps!”	said	Professor	Sprout,	who	was	looking
distinctly	disgruntled,	not	at	all	her	usual	cheerful	self.
There	was	a	murmur	of	interest.	They	had	only	ever	worked	in	greenhouse
one	before	—	greenhouse	three	housed	far	more	interesting	and	dangerous
plants.	Professor	Sprout	took	a	large	key	from	her	belt	and	unlocked	the	door.
Harry	caught	a	whiff	of	damp	earth	and	fertilizer	mingling	with	the	heavy
perfume	of	some	giant,	umbrella-sized	flowers	dangling	from	the	ceiling.	He
was	about	to	follow	Ron	and	Hermione	inside	when	Lockhart’s	hand	shot	out.
“Harry!	I’ve	been	wanting	a	word	—	you	don’t	mind	if	he’s	a	couple	of
minutes	late,	do	you,	Professor	Sprout?”
Judging	by	Professor	Sprout’s	scowl,	she	did	mind,	but	Lockhart	said,
“That’s	the	ticket,”	and	closed	the	greenhouse	door	in	her	face.
