=== PDF page 957 ===
voice	now.	“I	was	the	one	who	found	you.	I	brought	you	Bertha	Jorkins.”
“That	 is	 true,”	 said	 the	 second	 man,	 sounding	 amused.	 “A	 stroke	 of
brilliance	I	would	not	have	thought	possible	from	you,	Wormtail	—	though,	if
truth	be	told,	you	were	not	aware	how	useful	she	would	be	when	you	caught
her,	were	you?”
“I	—	I	thought	she	might	be	useful,	my	Lord	—”
“Liar,”	said	the	second	voice	again,	the	cruel	amusement	more	pronounced
than	ever.	 “However,	I	 do	not	 deny	that	 her	information	 was	 invaluable.
Without	it,	I	could	never	have	formed	our	plan,	and	for	that,	you	will	have
your	reward,	Wormtail.	I	will	allow	you	to	perform	an	essential	task	for	me,
one	that	many	of	my	followers	would	give	their	right	hands	to	perform.	.	.	.”
“R-really,	my	Lord?	What	—	?”	Wormtail	sounded	terrified	again.
“Ah,	Wormtail,	you	don’t	want	me	to	spoil	the	surprise?	Your	part	will
come	at	the	very	end	.	.	.	but	I	promise	you,	you	will	have	the	honor	of	being
just	as	useful	as	Bertha	Jorkins.”
“You	.	.	.	you	.	.	.”	Wormtail’s	voice	suddenly	sounded	hoarse,	as	though
his	mouth	had	gone	very	dry.	“You	.	.	.	are	going	.	.	.	to	kill	me	too?”
“Wormtail,	Wormtail,”	said	the	cold	voice	silkily,	“why	would	I	kill	you?	I
killed	Bertha	because	I	had	to.	She	was	fit	for	nothing	after	my	questioning,
quite	useless.	In	any	case,	awkward	questions	would	have	been	asked	if	she
had	gone	back	to	the	Ministry	with	the	news	that	she	had	met	you	on	her
holidays.	Wizards	who	are	supposed	to	be	dead	would	do	well	not	to	run	into
Ministry	of	Magic	witches	at	wayside	inns.	.	.	.”
Wormtail	muttered	something	so	quietly	that	Frank	could	not	hear	it,	but	it
made	the	second	man	laugh	—	an	entirely	mirthless	laugh,	cold	as	his	speech.
“
We	could	have	modified	her	memory?
	But	Memory	Charms	can	be	broken
by	a	powerful	wizard,	as	I	proved	when	I	questioned	her.	It	would	be	an	insult
to	her	
memory
	not	to	use	the	information	I	extracted	from	her,	Wormtail.”
Out	in	the	corridor,	Frank	suddenly	became	aware	that	the	hand	gripping
his	walking	stick	was	slippery	with	sweat.	The	man	with	the	cold	voice	had
killed	a	woman.	He	was	talking	about	it	without	any	kind	of	remorse	—	with
