=== PDF page 958 ===
amusement.
	He	was	dangerous	—	a	madman.	And	he	was	planning	more
murders	—	this	boy,	Harry	Potter,	whoever	he	was	—	was	in	danger	—
Frank	knew	what	he	must	do.	Now,	if	ever,	was	the	time	to	go	to	the	police.
He	would	creep	out	of	the	house	and	head	straight	for	the	telephone	box	in	the
village	.	.	.	but	the	cold	voice	was	speaking	again,	and	Frank	remained	where
he	was,	frozen	to	the	spot,	listening	with	all	his	might.
“One	more	murder	.	.	.	my	faithful	servant	at	Hogwarts	.	.	.	Harry	Potter	is
as	good	as	mine,	Wormtail.	It	is	decided.	There	will	be	no	more	argument.
But	quiet	.	.	.	I	think	I	hear	Nagini.	.	.	.”
And	the	second	man’s	voice	changed.	He	started	making	noises	such	as
Frank	had	never	heard	before;	he	was	hissing	and	spitting	without	drawing
breath.	Frank	thought	he	must	be	having	some	sort	of	fit	or	seizure.
And	then	Frank	heard	movement	behind	him	in	the	dark	passageway.	He
turned	to	look,	and	found	himself	paralyzed	with	fright.
Something	was	slithering	toward	him	along	the	dark	corridor	floor,	and	as
it	drew	nearer	to	the	sliver	of	firelight,	he	realized	with	a	thrill	of	terror	that	it
was	a	gigantic	snake,	at	least	twelve	feet	long.	Horrified,	transfixed,	Frank
stared	as	its	undulating	body	cut	a	wide,	curving	track	through	the	thick	dust
on	the	floor,	coming	closer	and	closer	—	What	was	he	to	do?	The	only	means
of	escape	was	into	the	room	where	two	men	sat	plotting	murder,	yet	if	he
stayed	where	he	was	the	snake	would	surely	kill	him	—
But	before	he	had	made	his	decision,	the	snake	was	level	with	him,	and
then,	incredibly,	miraculously,	it	was	passing;	it	was	following	the	spitting,
hissing	noises	made	by	the	cold	voice	beyond	the	door,	and	in	seconds,	the	tip
of	its	diamond-patterned	tail	had	vanished	through	the	gap.
There	was	sweat	on	Frank’s	forehead	now,	and	the	hand	on	the	walking
stick	was	trembling.	Inside	the	room,	the	cold	voice	was	continuing	to	hiss,
and	Frank	was	visited	by	a	strange	idea,	an	impossible	idea.	.	.	.	
This	man
could	talk	to	snakes.
Frank	didn’t	understand	what	was	going	on.	He	wanted	more	than	anything
to	be	back	in	his	bed	with	his	hot-water	bottle.	The	problem	was	that	his	legs
