=== PDF page 953 ===
Frank	had	no	telephone,	and	in	any	case,	he	had	deeply	mistrusted	the
police	ever	since	they	had	taken	him	in	for	questioning	about	the	Riddles’
deaths.	He	put	down	the	kettle	at	once,	hurried	back	upstairs	as	fast	as	his	bad
leg	 would	 allow,	 and	 was	 soon	 back	 in	 his	 kitchen,	 fully	 dressed	 and
removing	a	rusty	old	key	from	its	hook	by	the	door.	He	picked	up	his	walking
stick,	which	was	propped	against	the	wall,	and	set	off	into	the	night.
The	front	door	of	the	Riddle	House	bore	no	sign	of	being	forced,	nor	did
any	of	the	windows.	Frank	limped	around	to	the	back	of	the	house	until	he
reached	a	door	almost	completely	hidden	by	ivy,	took	out	the	old	key,	put	it
into	the	lock,	and	opened	the	door	noiselessly.
He	let	himself	into	the	cavernous	kitchen.	Frank	had	not	entered	it	for
many	years;	nevertheless,	although	it	was	very	dark,	he	remembered	where
the	door	into	the	hall	was,	and	he	groped	his	way	toward	it,	his	nostrils	full	of
the	smell	of	decay,	ears	pricked	for	any	sound	of	footsteps	or	voices	from
overhead.	He	reached	the	hall,	which	was	a	little	lighter	owing	to	the	large
mullioned	windows	on	either	side	of	the	front	door,	and	started	to	climb	the
stairs,	blessing	the	dust	that	lay	thick	upon	the	stone,	because	it	muffled	the
sound	of	his	feet	and	stick.
On	the	landing,	Frank	turned	right,	and	saw	at	once	where	the	intruders
were:	At	the	very	end	of	the	passage	a	door	stood	ajar,	and	a	flickering	light
shone	through	the	gap,	casting	a	long	sliver	of	gold	across	the	black	floor.
Frank	edged	closer	and	closer,	grasping	his	walking	stick	firmly.	Several	feet
from	the	entrance,	he	was	able	to	see	a	narrow	slice	of	the	room	beyond.
The	fire,	he	now	saw,	had	been	lit	in	the	grate.	This	surprised	him.	Then	he
stopped	moving	and	listened	intently,	for	a	man’s	voice	spoke	within	the
room;	it	sounded	timid	and	fearful.
“There	is	a	little	more	in	the	bottle,	my	Lord,	if	you	are	still	hungry.”
“Later,”	said	a	second	voice.	This	too	belonged	to	a	man	—	but	it	was
strangely	high-pitched,	and	cold	as	a	sudden	blast	of	icy	wind.	Something
about	that	voice	made	the	sparse	hairs	on	the	back	of	Frank’s	neck	stand	up.
“Move	me	closer	to	the	fire,	Wormtail.”
Frank	turned	his	right	ear	toward	the	door,	the	better	to	hear.	There	came
