=== PDF page 954 ===
the	clink	of	a	bottle	being	put	down	upon	some	hard	surface,	and	then	the	dull
scraping	noise	of	a	heavy	chair	being	dragged	across	the	floor.	Frank	caught	a
glimpse	of	a	small	man,	his	back	to	the	door,	pushing	the	chair	into	place.	He
was	wearing	a	long	black	cloak,	and	there	was	a	bald	patch	at	the	back	of	his
head.	Then	he	went	out	of	sight	again.
“Where	is	Nagini?”	said	the	cold	voice.
“I	—	I	don’t	know,	my	Lord,”	said	the	first	voice	nervously.	“She	set	out	to
explore	the	house,	I	think.	.	.	.”
“You	will	milk	her	before	we	retire,	Wormtail,”	said	the	second	voice.	“I
will	need	feeding	in	the	night.	The	journey	has	tired	me	greatly.”
Brow	 furrowed,	 Frank	 inclined	 his	 good	 ear	 still	 closer	 to	 the	 door,
listening	very	hard.	There	was	a	pause,	and	then	the	man	called	Wormtail
spoke	again.
“My	Lord,	may	I	ask	how	long	we	are	going	to	stay	here?”
“A	week,”	said	the	cold	voice.	“Perhaps	longer.	The	place	is	moderately
comfortable,	and	the	plan	cannot	proceed	yet.	It	would	be	foolish	to	act	before
the	Quidditch	World	Cup	is	over.”
Frank	inserted	a	gnarled	finger	into	his	ear	and	rotated	it.	Owing,	no	doubt,
to	a	buildup	of	earwax,	he	had	heard	the	word	“Quidditch,”	which	was	not	a
word	at	all.
“The	—	the	Quidditch	World	Cup,	my	Lord?”	said	Wormtail.	(Frank	dug
his	finger	still	more	vigorously	into	his	ear.)	“Forgive	me,	but	—	I	do	not
understand	—	why	should	we	wait	until	the	World	Cup	is	over?”
“Because,	fool,	at	this	very	moment	wizards	are	pouring	into	the	country
from	all	over	the	world,	and	every	meddler	from	the	Ministry	of	Magic	will
be	on	duty,	on	the	watch	for	signs	of	unusual	activity,	checking	and	double-
checking	identities.	They	will	be	obsessed	with	security,	lest	the	Muggles
notice	anything.	So	we	wait.”
Frank	stopped	trying	to	clear	out	his	ear.	He	had	distinctly	heard	the	words
“Ministry	 of	 Magic,”	 “wizards,”	 and	 “Muggles.”	 Plainly,	 each	 of	 these
expressions	meant	something	secret,	and	Frank	could	think	of	only	two	sorts
