=== PDF page 899 ===
“And	yet	—	is	it	good	for	him	to	be	given	so	much	special	treatment?
Personally,	I	try	and	treat	him	like	any	other	student.	And	any	other	student
would	be	suspended	—	at	the	very	least	—	for	leading	his	friends	into	such
danger.	 Consider,	 Minister	 —	 against	 all	 school	 rules	 —	 after	 all	 the
precautions	 put	 in	 place	 for	 his	 protection	 —	 out-of-bounds,	 at	 night,
consorting	with	a	werewolf	and	a	murderer	—	and	I	have	reason	to	believe	he
has	been	visiting	Hogsmeade	illegally	too	—”
“Well,	 well	 .	 .	 .	 we	 shall	 see,	 Snape,	 we	 shall	 see.	 .	 .	 .	 The	 boy	 has
undoubtedly	been	foolish.	.	.	.”
Harry	lay	listening	with	his	eyes	tight	shut.	He	felt	very	groggy.	The	words
he	was	hearing	seemed	to	be	traveling	very	slowly	from	his	ears	to	his	brain,
so	that	it	was	difficult	to	understand.	.	.	.	His	limbs	felt	like	lead;	his	eyelids
too	 heavy	 to	 lift.	 .	 .	 .	 He	 wanted	 to	 lie	 here,	 on	 this	 comfortable	 bed,
forever.	.	.	.
“What	amazes	me	most	is	the	behavior	of	the	dementors	.	.	.	you’ve	really
no	idea	what	made	them	retreat,	Snape?”
“No,	Minister	.	.	.	by	the	time	I	had	come	’round	they	were	heading	back	to
their	positions	at	the	entrances.	.	.	.”
“Extraordinary.	And	yet	Black,	and	Harry,	and	the	girl	—”
“All	unconscious	by	the	time	I	reached	them.	I	bound	and	gagged	Black,
naturally,	 conjured	 stretchers,	 and	 brought	 them	 all	 straight	 back	 to	 the
castle.”
There	was	a	pause.	Harry’s	brain	seemed	to	be	moving	a	little	faster,	and	as
it	did,	a	gnawing	sensation	grew	in	the	pit	of	his	stomach.	.	.	.
He	opened	his	eyes.
Everything	was	slightly	blurred.	Somebody	had	removed	his	glasses.	He
was	lying	in	the	dark	hospital	wing.	At	the	very	end	of	the	ward,	he	could
make	out	Madam	Pomfrey	with	her	back	to	him,	bending	over	a	bed.	Harry
squinted.	Ron’s	red	hair	was	visible	beneath	Madam	Pomfrey’s	arm.
Harry	 moved	 his	 head	 over	 on	 the	 pillow.	 In	 the	 bed	 to	 his	 right	 lay
Hermione.	Moonlight	was	falling	across	her	bed.	Her	eyes	were	open	too.	She
