after	 all,	 but	 as	 they	 only	 had	 odd	 moments	 between	 lessons	 it	 wasn’t
surprising	they’d	found	nothing.	What	they	really	needed	was	a	nice	long
search	without	Madam	Pince	breathing	down	their	necks.
Five	minutes	later,	Ron	and	Hermione	joined	him,	shaking	their	heads.
They	went	off	to	lunch.
“You	will	keep	looking	while	I’m	away,	won’t	you?”	said	Hermione.	“And
send	me	an	owl	if	you	find	anything.”
“And	you	could	ask	your	parents	if	they	know	who	Flamel	is,”	said	Ron.
“It’d	be	safe	to	ask	them.”
“Very	safe,	as	they’re	both	dentists,”	said	Hermione.
Once	the	holidays	had	started,	Ron	and	Harry	were	having	too	good	a	time	to
think	much	about	Flamel.	They	had	the	dormitory	to	themselves	and	the
common	room	was	far	emptier	than	usual,	so	they	were	able	to	get	the	good
armchairs	by	the	fire.	They	sat	by	the	hour	eating	anything	they	could	spear
on	a	toasting	fork	—	bread,	English	muffins,	marshmallows	—	and	plotting
ways	of	getting	Malfoy	expelled,	which	were	fun	to	talk	about	even	if	they
wouldn’t	work.
Ron	 also	 started	 teaching	 Harry	 wizard	 chess.	 This	 was	 exactly	 like
Muggle	chess	except	that	the	figures	were	alive,	which	made	it	a	lot	like
directing	 troops	 in	 battle.	 Ron’s	 set	 was	 very	 old	 and	 battered.	 Like
everything	else	he	owned,	it	had	once	belonged	to	someone	else	in	his	family
—	in	this	case,	his	grandfather.	However,	old	chessmen	weren’t	a	drawback	at
all.	Ron	knew	them	so	well	he	never	had	trouble	getting	them	to	do	what	he
wanted.
Harry	 played	 with	 chessmen	 Seamus	 Finnigan	 had	 lent	 him,	 and	 they
didn’t	 trust	 him	 at	 all.	 He	 wasn’t	 a	 very	 good	 player	 yet	 and	 they	 kept
shouting	different	bits	of	advice	at	him,	which	was	confusing.	“Don’t	send	me
there,	can’t	you	see	his	knight?	Send	
him,
	we	can	afford	to	lose	
him.
”
On	Christmas	Eve,	Harry	went	to	bed	looking	forward	to	the	next	day	for
the	food	and	the	fun,	but	not	expecting	any	presents	at	all.	When	he	woke
early	in	the	morning,	however,	the	first	thing	he	saw	was	a	small	pile	of