=== PDF page 809 ===
doubled	up	with	silent	laughter	as	Crabbe	did	a	kind	of	pirouette	in	midair,
trying	to	see	who	had	thrown	it.	As	Ron	was	the	only	person	Crabbe	could
see,	 it	 was	 Ron	 he	 started	 toward,	 but	 Harry	 stuck	 out	 his	 leg.	 Crabbe
stumbled	—	and	his	huge,	flat	foot	caught	the	hem	of	Harry’s	Cloak.	Harry
felt	a	great	tug,	then	the	Cloak	slid	off	his	face.
For	a	split	second,	Malfoy	stared	at	him.
“AAARGH!”	he	yelled,	pointing	at	Harry’s	head.	Then	he	turned	tail	and
ran,	at	breakneck	speed,	back	down	the	hill,	Crabbe	and	Goyle	behind	him.
Harry	tugged	the	Cloak	up	again,	but	the	damage	was	done.
“Harry!”	Ron	said,	stumbling	forward	and	staring	hopelessly	at	the	point
where	Harry	had	disappeared,	“you’d	better	run	for	it!	If	Malfoy	tells	anyone
—	you’d	better	get	back	to	the	castle,	quick	—”
“See	you	later,”	said	Harry,	and	without	another	word,	he	tore	back	down
the	path	toward	Hogsmeade.
Would	Malfoy	believe	what	he	had	seen?	Would	anyone	believe	Malfoy?
Nobody	knew	about	the	Invisibility	Cloak	—	nobody	except	Dumbledore.
Harry’s	stomach	turned	over	—	Dumbledore	would	know	exactly	what	had
happened,	if	Malfoy	said	anything	—
Back	into	Honeydukes,	back	down	the	cellar	steps,	across	the	stone	floor,
through	the	trapdoor	—	Harry	pulled	off	the	Cloak,	tucked	it	under	his	arm,
and	ran,	flat	out,	along	the	passage.	.	.	.	Malfoy	would	get	back	first	.	.	.	how
long	would	it	take	him	to	find	a	teacher?	Panting,	a	sharp	pain	in	his	side,
Harry	didn’t	slow	down	until	he	reached	the	stone	slide.	He	would	have	to
leave	the	Cloak	where	it	was,	it	was	too	much	of	a	giveaway	in	case	Malfoy
had	tipped	off	a	teacher	—	he	hid	it	in	a	shadowy	corner,	then	started	to
climb,	fast	as	he	could,	his	sweaty	hands	slipping	on	the	sides	of	the	chute.	He
reached	the	inside	of	the	witch’s	hump,	tapped	it	with	his	wand,	stuck	his
head	through,	and	hoisted	himself	out;	the	hump	closed,	and	just	as	Harry
jumped	out	from	behind	the	statue,	he	heard	quick	footsteps	approaching.
It	 was	 Snape.	 He	 approached	 Harry	 at	 a	 swift	 walk,	 his	 black	 robes
swishing,	then	stopped	in	front	of	him.
