=== PDF page 800 ===
“D’you	reckon	we	should	tell	someone?”	Harry	asked	Ron.
“We	 know	 he’s	 not	 coming	 in	 through	 Honeydukes,”	 said	 Ron
dismissively.	“We’d’ve	heard	if	the	shop	had	been	broken	into.”
Harry	was	glad	Ron	took	this	view.	If	the	one-eyed	witch	was	boarded	up
too,	he	would	never	be	able	to	go	into	Hogsmeade	again.
Ron	had	become	an	instant	celebrity.	For	the	first	time	in	his	life,	people
were	paying	more	attention	to	him	than	to	Harry,	and	it	was	clear	that	Ron
was	 rather	 enjoying	 the	 experience.	 Though	 still	 severely	 shaken	 by	 the
night’s	events,	he	was	happy	to	tell	anyone	who	asked	what	had	happened,
with	a	wealth	of	detail.
“.	.	.	I	was	asleep,	and	I	heard	this	ripping	noise,	and	I	thought	it	was	in	my
dream,	you	know?	But	then	there	was	this	draft	.	.	.	I	woke	up	and	one	side	of
the	hangings	on	my	bed	had	been	pulled	down.	.	.	.	I	rolled	over	.	.	.	and	I	saw
him	standing	over	me	.	.	.	like	a	skeleton,	with	loads	of	filthy	hair	.	.	.	holding
this	great	long	knife,	must’ve	been	twelve	inches	.	.	.	and	he	looked	at	me,	and
I	looked	at	him,	and	then	I	yelled,	and	he	
scampered
.
“Why,	though?”	Ron	added	to	Harry	as	the	group	of	second-year	girls	who
had	been	listening	to	his	chilling	tale	departed.	“Why	did	he	run?”
Harry	had	been	wondering	the	same	thing.	Why	had	Black,	having	got	the
wrong	bed,	not	silenced	Ron	and	proceeded	to	Harry?	Black	had	proved
twelve	years	ago	that	he	didn’t	mind	murdering	innocent	people,	and	this	time
he	had	been	facing	five	unarmed	boys,	four	of	whom	were	asleep.
“He	must’ve	known	he’d	have	a	job	getting	back	out	of	the	castle	once
you’d	yelled	and	woken	people	up,”	said	Harry	thoughtfully.	“He’d’ve	had	to
kill	 the	 whole	 House	 to	 get	 back	 through	 the	 portrait	 hole	 .	 .	 .	 then	 he
would’ve	met	the	teachers.	.	.	.”
Neville	was	in	total	disgrace.	Professor	McGonagall	was	so	furious	with
him	 she	 had	 banned	 him	 from	 all	 future	 Hogsmeade	 visits,	 given	 him	 a
detention,	and	forbidden	anyone	to	give	him	the	password	into	the	tower.
Poor	Neville	was	forced	to	wait	outside	the	common	room	every	night	for
somebody	to	let	him	in,	while	the	security	trolls	leered	unpleasantly	at	him.
