=== PDF page 778 ===
long	 as	 you	 caught	 the	 Snitch	 first.”	 Wood	 shook	 his	 head	 in	 disbelief.
“Honestly,	the	way	she	was	yelling	at	me	.	.	.	you’d	think	I’d	said	something
terrible.	.	.	.	Then	I	asked	her	how	much	longer	she	was	going	to	keep	it.	.	.	.”
He	screwed	up	his	face	and	imitated	Professor	McGonagall’s	severe	voice.
“‘As	long	as	necessary,	Wood’	.	.	.	I	reckon	it’s	time	you	ordered	a	new
broom,	Harry.	There’s	an	order	form	at	the	back	of	
Which	Broomstick
	.	.	.	you
could	get	a	Nimbus	Two	Thousand	and	One,	like	Malfoy’s	got.”
“I’m	not	buying	anything	Malfoy	thinks	is	good,”	said	Harry	flatly.
January	faded	imperceptibly	into	February,	with	no	change	in	the	bitterly	cold
weather.	The	match	against	Ravenclaw	was	drawing	nearer	and	nearer,	but
Harry	 still	 hadn’t	 ordered	 a	 new	 broom.	 He	 was	 now	 asking	 Professor
McGonagall	for	news	of	the	Firebolt	after	every	Transfiguration	lesson,	Ron
standing	 hopefully	 at	 his	 shoulder,	 Hermione	 rushing	 past	 with	 her	 face
averted.
“No,	Potter,	you	can’t	have	it	back	yet,”	Professor	McGonagall	told	him	the
twelfth	 time	 this	 happened,	 before	 he’d	 even	 opened	 his	 mouth.	 “We’ve
checked	for	most	of	the	usual	curses,	but	Professor	Flitwick	believes	the
broom	might	be	carrying	a	Hurling	Hex.	I	shall	
tell
	you	once	we’ve	finished
checking	it.	Now,	please	stop	badgering	me.”
To	make	matters	even	worse,	Harry’s	anti-dementor	lessons	were	not	going
nearly	as	well	as	he	had	hoped.	Several	sessions	on,	he	was	able	to	produce	an
indistinct,	silvery	shadow	every	time	the	boggart-dementor	approached	him,
but	his	Patronus	was	too	feeble	to	drive	the	dementor	away.	All	it	did	was
hover,	like	a	semi-transparent	cloud,	draining	Harry	of	energy	as	he	fought	to
keep	it	there.	Harry	felt	angry	with	himself,	guilty	about	his	secret	desire	to
hear	his	parents’	voices	again.
“You’re	expecting	too	much	of	yourself,”	said	Professor	Lupin	sternly	in
their	 fourth	 week	 of	 practice.	 “For	 a	 thirteen-year-old	 wizard,	 even	 an
indistinct	Patronus	is	a	huge	achievement.	You	aren’t	passing	out	anymore,
are	you?”
“I	thought	a	Patronus	would	—	charge	the	dementors	down	or	something,”
said	Harry	dispiritedly.	“Make	them	disappear	—”
