=== PDF page 744 ===
no	idea,	of	course.	You	can	imagine	how	the	idea	would	torment	him.”
“Because	 Black	 turned	 out	 to	 be	 in	 league	 with	 You-Know-Who?”
whispered	Madam	Rosmerta.
“Worse	 even	 than	 that,	 m’dear.	 .	 .	 .”	 Fudge	 dropped	 his	 voice	 and
proceeded	in	a	sort	of	low	rumble.	“Not	many	people	are	aware	that	the
Potters	 knew	 You-Know-Who	 was	 after	 them.	 Dumbledore,	 who	 was	 of
course	working	tirelessly	against	You-Know-Who,	had	a	number	of	useful
spies.	One	of	them	tipped	him	off,	and	he	alerted	James	and	Lily	at	once.	He
advised	them	to	go	into	hiding.	Well,	of	course,	You-Know-Who	wasn’t	an
easy	person	to	hide	from.	Dumbledore	told	them	that	their	best	chance	was
the	Fidelius	Charm.”
“How	does	that	work?”	said	Madam	Rosmerta,	breathless	with	interest.
Professor	Flitwick	cleared	his	throat.
“An	immensely	complex	spell,”	he	said	squeakily,	“involving	the	magical
concealment	of	a	secret	inside	a	single,	living	soul.	The	information	is	hidden
inside	the	chosen	person,	or	Secret-Keeper,	and	is	henceforth	impossible	to
find	—	unless,	of	course,	the	Secret-Keeper	chooses	to	divulge	it.	As	long	as
the	Secret-Keeper	refused	to	speak,	You-Know-Who	could	search	the	village
where	Lily	and	James	were	staying	for	years	and	never	find	them,	not	even	if
he	had	his	nose	pressed	against	their	sitting-room	window!”
“So	Black	was	the	Potters’	Secret-Keeper?”	whispered	Madam	Rosmerta.
“Naturally,”	said	Professor	McGonagall.	“James	Potter	told	Dumbledore
that	 Black	 would	 die	 rather	 than	 tell	 where	 they	 were,	 that	 Black	 was
planning	 to	 go	 into	 hiding	 himself	 .	 .	 .	 and	 yet,	 Dumbledore	 remained
worried.	I	remember	him	offering	to	be	the	Potters’	Secret-Keeper	himself.”
“He	suspected	Black?”	gasped	Madam	Rosmerta.
“He	was	sure	that	somebody	close	to	the	Potters	had	been	keeping	You-
Know-Who	 informed	 of	 their	 movements,”	 said	 Professor	 McGonagall
darkly.	“Indeed,	he	had	suspected	for	some	time	that	someone	on	our	side	had
turned	traitor	and	was	passing	a	lot	of	information	to	You-Know-Who.”
“But	James	Potter	insisted	on	using	Black?”
