=== PDF page 736 ===
looked	back	at	the	map.	The	tiniest	speech	bubble	had	appeared	next	to	his
figure.	The	word	inside	said,	
“Dissendium.”
“Dissendium!”
	Harry	whispered,	tapping	the	stone	witch	again.
At	once,	the	statue’s	hump	opened	wide	enough	to	admit	a	fairly	thin
person.	Harry	glanced	quickly	up	and	down	the	corridor,	then	tucked	the	map
away	 again,	 hoisted	 himself	 into	 the	 hole	 headfirst,	 and	 pushed	 himself
forward.
He	slid	a	considerable	way	down	what	felt	like	a	stone	slide,	then	landed	on
cold,	damp	earth.	He	stood	up,	looking	around.	It	was	pitch	dark.	He	held	up
his	wand,	muttered,	
“Lumos!”
	and	saw	that	he	was	in	a	very	narrow,	low,
earthy	passageway.	He	raised	the	map,	tapped	it	with	the	tip	of	his	wand,	and
muttered,	“Mischief	managed!”	The	map	went	blank	at	once.	He	folded	it
carefully,	tucked	it	inside	his	robes,	then,	heart	beating	fast,	both	excited	and
apprehensive,	he	set	off.
The	passage	twisted	and	turned,	more	like	the	burrow	of	a	giant	rabbit	than
anything	else.	Harry	hurried	along	it,	stumbling	now	and	then	on	the	uneven
floor,	holding	his	wand	out	in	front	of	him.
It	took	ages,	but	Harry	had	the	thought	of	Honeydukes	to	sustain	him.	After
what	felt	like	an	hour,	the	passage	began	to	rise.	Panting,	Harry	sped	up,	his
face	hot,	his	feet	very	cold.
Ten	minutes	later,	he	came	to	the	foot	of	some	worn	stone	steps,	which	rose
out	of	sight	above	him.	Careful	not	to	make	any	noise,	Harry	began	to	climb.
A	hundred	steps,	two	hundred	steps,	he	lost	count	as	he	climbed,	watching	his
feet.	.	.	.	Then,	without	warning,	his	head	hit	something	hard.
It	seemed	to	be	a	trapdoor.	Harry	stood	there,	massaging	the	top	of	his
head,	listening.	He	couldn’t	hear	any	sounds	above	him.	Very	slowly,	he
pushed	the	trapdoor	open	and	peered	over	the	edge.
He	was	in	a	cellar,	which	was	full	of	wooden	crates	and	boxes.	Harry
climbed	out	of	the	trapdoor	and	replaced	it	—	it	blended	so	perfectly	with	the
dusty	floor	that	it	was	impossible	to	tell	it	was	there.	Harry	crept	slowly
toward	the	wooden	staircase	that	led	upstairs.	Now	he	could	definitely	hear
