=== PDF page 737 ===
voices,	not	to	mention	the	tinkle	of	a	bell	and	the	opening	and	shutting	of	a
door.
Wondering	what	he	ought	to	do,	he	suddenly	heard	a	door	open	much
closer	at	hand;	somebody	was	about	to	come	downstairs.
“And	get	another	box	of	Jelly	Slugs,	dear,	they’ve	nearly	cleaned	us	out
—”	said	a	woman’s	voice.
A	 pair	 of	 feet	 was	 coming	 down	 the	 staircase.	 Harry	 leapt	 behind	 an
enormous	 crate	 and	 waited	 for	 the	 footsteps	 to	 pass.	 He	 heard	 the	 man
shifting	boxes	against	the	opposite	wall.	He	might	not	get	another	chance	—
Quickly	and	silently,	Harry	dodged	out	from	his	hiding	place	and	climbed
the	stairs;	looking	back,	he	saw	an	enormous	backside	and	shiny	bald	head,
buried	in	a	box.	Harry	reached	the	door	at	the	top	of	the	stairs,	slipped
through	 it,	 and	 found	 himself	 behind	 the	 counter	 of	 Honeydukes	 —	 he
ducked,	crept	sideways,	and	then	straightened	up.
Honeydukes	was	so	crowded	with	Hogwarts	students	that	no	one	looked
twice	at	Harry.	He	edged	among	them,	looking	around,	and	suppressed	a
laugh	as	he	imagined	the	look	that	would	spread	over	Dudley’s	piggy	face	if
he	could	see	where	Harry	was	now.
There	were	shelves	upon	shelves	of	the	most	succulent-looking	sweets
imaginable.	Creamy	chunks	of	nougat,	shimmering	pink	squares	of	coconut
ice,	fat,	honey-colored	toffees;	hundreds	of	different	kinds	of	chocolate	in
neat	rows;	there	was	a	large	barrel	of	Every	Flavor	Beans,	and	another	of
Fizzing	Whizbees,	the	levitating	sherbet	balls	that	Ron	had	mentioned;	along
yet	another	wall	were	“Special	Effects”	sweets:	Drooble’s	Best	Blowing	Gum
(which	filled	a	room	with	bluebell-colored	bubbles	that	refused	to	pop	for
days),	 the	 strange,	 splintery	 Toothflossing	 Stringmints,	 tiny	 black	 Pepper
Imps	(“Breathe	fire	for	your	friends!”),	Ice	Mice	(“Hear	your	teeth	chatter	and
squeak!”),	peppermint	creams	shaped	like	toads	(“Hop	realistically	in	the
stomach!”),	fragile	sugar-spun	quills,	and	exploding	bonbons.
Harry	squeezed	himself	through	a	crowd	of	sixth	years	and	saw	a	sign
hanging	 in	 the	 farthest	 corner	 of	 the	 shop	 (U
NUSUAL
	 T
ASTES
).	 Ron	 and
Hermione	were	standing	underneath	it,	examining	a	tray	of	blood-flavored
