=== PDF page 734 ===
And	at	once,	thin	ink	lines	began	to	spread	like	a	spider’s	web	from	the
point	 that	 George’s	 wand	 had	 touched.	 They	 joined	 each	 other,	 they
crisscrossed,	they	fanned	into	every	corner	of	the	parchment;	then	words
began	to	blossom	across	the	top,	great,	curly	green	words,	that	proclaimed:
Messrs.	Moony,	Wormtail,	Padfoot,	and	Prongs
Purveyors	of	Aids	to
Magical	Mischief-Makers
are	proud	to	present
T
HE
	M
ARAUDER’S
	M
AP
It	was	a	map	showing	every	detail	of	the	Hogwarts	castle	and	grounds.	But
the	truly	remarkable	thing	were	the	tiny	ink	dots	moving	around	it,	each
labeled	with	a	name	in	minuscule	writing.	Astounded,	Harry	bent	over	it.	A
labeled	dot	in	the	top	left	corner	showed	that	Professor	Dumbledore	was
pacing	his	study;	the	caretaker’s	cat,	Mrs.	Norris,	was	prowling	the	second
floor;	and	Peeves	the	Poltergeist	was	currently	bouncing	around	the	trophy
room.	And	as	Harry’s	eyes	traveled	up	and	down	the	familiar	corridors,	he
noticed	something	else.
This	map	showed	a	set	of	passages	he	had	never	entered.	And	many	of
them	seemed	to	lead	—
“Right	into	Hogsmeade,”	said	Fred,	tracing	one	of	them	with	his	finger.
“There	are	seven	in	all.	Now,	Filch	knows	about	these	four”	—	he	pointed
them	out	—	“but	we’re	sure	we’re	the	only	ones	who	know	about	
these.
	Don’t
bother	with	the	one	behind	the	mirror	on	the	fourth	floor.	We	used	it	until	last
winter,	 but	 it’s	 caved	 in	 —	 completely	 blocked.	 And	 we	 don’t	 reckon
anyone’s	ever	used	this	one,	because	the	Whomping	Willow’s	planted	right
over	the	entrance.	But	this	one	here,	this	one	leads	right	into	the	cellar	of
Honeydukes.	We’ve	used	it	loads	of	times.	And	as	you	might’ve	noticed,	the
entrance	is	right	outside	this	room,	through	that	one-eyed	old	crone’s	hump.”
“Moony,	 Wormtail,	 Padfoot,	 and	 Prongs,”	 sighed	 George,	 patting	 the
heading	of	the	map.	“We	owe	them	so	much.”
“Noble	men,	working	tirelessly	to	help	a	new	generation	of	lawbreakers,”
said	Fred	solemnly.
“Right,”	said	George	briskly.	“Don’t	forget	to	wipe	it	after	you’ve	used	it
