=== PDF page 745 ===
“He	did,”	said	Fudge	heavily.	“And	then,	barely	a	week	after	the	Fidelius
Charm	had	been	performed	—”
“Black	betrayed	them?”	breathed	Madam	Rosmerta.
“He	did	indeed.	Black	was	tired	of	his	double-agent	role,	he	was	ready	to
declare	his	support	openly	for	You-Know-Who,	and	he	seems	to	have	planned
this	for	the	moment	of	the	Potters’	death.	But,	as	we	all	know,	You-Know-
Who	met	his	downfall	in	little	Harry	Potter.	Powers	gone,	horribly	weakened,
he	fled.	And	this	left	Black	in	a	very	nasty	position	indeed.	His	master	had
fallen	at	the	very	moment	when	he,	Black,	had	shown	his	true	colors	as	a
traitor.	He	had	no	choice	but	to	run	for	it	—”
“Filthy,	stinkin’	turncoat!”	Hagrid	said,	so	loudly	that	half	the	bar	went
quiet.
“Shh!”	said	Professor	McGonagall.
“I	met	him!”	growled	Hagrid.	“I	musta	bin	the	last	ter	see	him	before	he
killed	all	them	people!	It	was	me	what	rescued	Harry	from	Lily	an’	James’s
house	after	they	was	killed!	Jus’	got	him	outta	the	ruins,	poor	little	thing,	with
a	great	slash	across	his	forehead,	an’	his	parents	dead	.	.	.	an’	Sirius	Black
turns	up,	on	that	flyin’	motorbike	he	used	ter	ride.	Never	occurred	ter	me	what
he	was	doin’	there.	I	didn’	know	he’d	bin	Lily	an’	James’s	Secret-Keeper.
Thought	he’d	jus’	heard	the	news	o’	You-Know-Who’s	attack	an’	come	ter	see
what	he	could	do.	White	an’	shakin’,	he	was.	An’	yeh	know	what	I	did?	I
COMFORTED	THE	MURDERIN’	TRAITOR!”	Hagrid	roared.
“Hagrid,	please!”	said	Professor	McGonagall.	“Keep	your	voice	down!”
“How	was	I	ter	know	he	wasn’	upset	abou’	Lily	an’	James?	It	was	You-
Know-Who	he	cared	abou’!	An’	then	he	says,	‘Give	Harry	ter	me,	Hagrid,
I’m	his	godfather,	I’ll	look	after	him	—’	Ha!	But	I’d	had	me	orders	from
Dumbledore,	an’	I	told	Black	no,	Dumbledore	said	Harry	was	ter	go	ter	his
aunt	an’	uncle’s.	Black	argued,	but	in	the	end	he	gave	in.	Told	me	ter	take	his
motorbike	ter	get	Harry	there.	‘I	won’t	need	it	anymore,’	he	says.
“I	shoulda	known	there	was	somethin’	fishy	goin’	on	then.	He	loved	that
motorbike,	 what	 was	 he	 givin’	 it	 ter	 me	 for?	 Why	 wouldn’	 he	 need	 it
