=== PDF page 727 ===
rest	of	his	life	looking	over	his	shoulder	for	the	beast?
And	then	there	were	the	dementors.	Harry	felt	sick	and	humiliated	every
time	he	thought	of	them.	Everyone	said	the	dementors	were	horrible,	but	no
one	else	collapsed	every	time	they	went	near	one.	No	one	else	heard	echoes	in
their	head	of	their	dying	parents.
Because	Harry	knew	who	that	screaming	voice	belonged	to	now.	He	had
heard	her	words,	heard	them	over	and	over	again	during	the	night	hours	in	the
hospital	wing	while	he	lay	awake,	staring	at	the	strips	of	moonlight	on	the
ceiling.	When	the	dementors	approached	him,	he	heard	the	last	moments	of
his	mother’s	life,	her	attempts	to	protect	him,	Harry,	from	Lord	Voldemort,
and	Voldemort’s	laughter	before	he	murdered	her.	.	.	.	Harry	dozed	fitfully,
sinking	 into	 dreams	 full	 of	 clammy,	 rotted	 hands	 and	 petrified	 pleading,
jerking	awake	to	dwell	again	on	his	mother’s	voice.
It	was	a	relief	to	return	to	the	noise	and	bustle	of	the	main	school	on	Monday,
where	he	was	forced	to	think	about	other	things,	even	if	he	had	to	endure
Draco	Malfoy’s	taunting.	Malfoy	was	almost	beside	himself	with	glee	at
Gryffindor’s	defeat.	He	had	finally	taken	off	his	bandages,	and	celebrated
having	the	full	use	of	both	arms	again	by	doing	spirited	imitations	of	Harry
falling	off	his	broom.	Malfoy	spent	much	of	their	next	Potions	class	doing
dementor	imitations	across	the	dungeon;	Ron	finally	cracked	and	flung	a
large,	slippery	crocodile	heart	at	Malfoy,	which	hit	him	in	the	face	and	caused
Snape	to	take	fifty	points	from	Gryffindor.
“If	Snape’s	teaching	Defense	Against	the	Dark	Arts	again,	I’m	skiving	off,”
said	Ron	as	they	headed	toward	Lupin’s	classroom	after	lunch.	“Check	who’s
in	there,	Hermione.”
Hermione	peered	around	the	classroom	door.
“It’s	okay!”
Professor	Lupin	was	back	at	work.	It	certainly	looked	as	though	he	had
been	ill.	His	old	robes	were	hanging	more	loosely	on	him	and	there	were	dark
shadows	beneath	his	eyes;	nevertheless,	he	smiled	at	the	class	as	they	took
their	seats,	and	they	burst	at	once	into	an	explosion	of	complaints	about
Snape’s	behavior	while	Lupin	had	been	ill.
