=== PDF page 731 ===
Lupin	looked	into	Harry’s	determined	face,	hesitated,	then	said,	“Well	.	.	.
all	right.	I’ll	try	and	help.	But	it’ll	have	to	wait	until	next	term,	I’m	afraid.	I
have	a	lot	to	do	before	the	holidays.	I	chose	a	very	inconvenient	time	to	fall
ill.”
What	with	the	promise	of	anti-dementor	lessons	from	Lupin,	the	thought	that
he	 might	 never	 have	 to	 hear	 his	 mother’s	 death	 again,	 and	 the	 fact	 that
Ravenclaw	 flattened	 Hufflepuff	 in	 their	 Quidditch	 match	 at	 the	 end	 of
November,	Harry’s	mood	took	a	definite	upturn.	Gryffindor	were	not	out	of
the	running	after	all,	although	they	could	not	afford	to	lose	another	match.
Wood	became	repossessed	of	his	manic	energy,	and	worked	his	team	as	hard
as	ever	in	the	chilly	haze	of	rain	that	persisted	into	December.	Harry	saw	no
hint	of	a	dementor	within	the	grounds.	Dumbledore’s	anger	seemed	to	be
keeping	them	at	their	stations	at	the	entrances.
Two	weeks	before	the	end	of	the	term,	the	sky	lightened	suddenly	to	a
dazzling,	opaline	white	and	the	muddy	grounds	were	revealed	one	morning
covered	in	glittering	frost.	Inside	the	castle,	there	was	a	buzz	of	Christmas	in
the	air.	Professor	Flitwick,	the	Charms	teacher,	had	already	decorated	his
classroom	with	shimmering	lights	that	turned	out	to	be	real,	fluttering	fairies.
The	students	were	all	happily	discussing	their	plans	for	the	holidays.	Both
Ron	and	Hermione	had	decided	to	remain	at	Hogwarts,	and	though	Ron	said
it	 was	 because	 he	 couldn’t	 stand	 two	 weeks	 with	 Percy,	 and	 Hermione
insisted	she	needed	to	use	the	library,	Harry	wasn’t	fooled;	they	were	doing	it
to	keep	him	company,	and	he	was	very	grateful.
To	everyone’s	delight	except	Harry’s,	there	was	to	be	another	Hogsmeade
trip	on	the	very	last	weekend	of	the	term.
“We	can	do	all	our	Christmas	shopping	there!”	said	Hermione.	“Mum	and
Dad	would	really	love	those	Toothflossing	Stringmints	from	Honeydukes!”
Resigned	to	the	fact	that	he	would	be	the	only	third	year	staying	behind
again,	Harry	borrowed	a	copy	of	
Which	Broomstick
	from	Wood,	and	decided
to	spend	the	day	reading	up	on	the	different	makes.	He	had	been	riding	one	of
the	school	brooms	at	team	practice,	an	ancient	Shooting	Star,	which	was	very
slow	and	jerky;	he	definitely	needed	a	new	broom	of	his	own.
