1: burst	into	tears.	Gryffindors	up	and	down	the	table	were	beside	themselves	—
2: they	were	a	hundred	points	up.
3: “Third	—	to	Mr.	Harry	Potter	.	.	.”	said	Dumbledore.	The	room	went
4: deadly	quiet.	“.	.	.	for	pure	nerve	and	outstanding	courage,	I	award	Gryffindor
5: House	sixty	points.”
6: The	din	was	deafening.	Those	who	could	add	up	while	yelling	themselves
7: hoarse	knew	that	Gryffindor	now	had	four	hundred	and	seventy-two	points	—
8: exactly	the	same	as	Slytherin.	They	had	tied	for	the	House	Cup	—	if	only
9: Dumbledore	had	given	Harry	just	one	more	point.
10: Dumbledore	raised	his	hand.	The	room	gradually	fell	silent.
11: “There	are	all	kinds	of	courage,”	said	Dumbledore,	smiling.	“It	takes	a
12: great	deal	of	bravery	to	stand	up	to	our	enemies,	but	just	as	much	to	stand	up
13: to	our	friends.	I	therefore	award	ten	points	to	Mr.	Neville	Longbottom.”
14: Someone	standing	outside	the	Great	Hall	might	well	have	thought	some
15: sort	of	explosion	had	taken	place,	so	loud	was	the	noise	that	erupted	from	the
16: Gryffindor	table.	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	stood	up	to	yell	and	cheer	as
17: Neville,	white	with	shock,	disappeared	under	a	pile	of	people	hugging	him.
18: He	had	never	won	so	much	as	a	point	for	Gryffindor	before.	Harry,	still
19: cheering,	nudged	Ron	in	the	ribs	and	pointed	at	Malfoy,	who	couldn’t	have
20: looked	more	stunned	and	horrified	if	he’d	just	had	the	Body-Bind	Curse	put
21: on	him.
22: “Which	means,”	Dumbledore	called	over	the	storm	of	applause,	for	even
23: Ravenclaw	and	Hufflepuff	were	celebrating	the	downfall	of	Slytherin,	“we
24: need	a	little	change	of	decoration.”
25: He	clapped	his	hands.	In	an	instant,	the	green	hangings	became	scarlet	and
26: the	silver	became	gold;	the	huge	Slytherin	serpent	vanished	and	a	towering
27: Gryffindor	lion	took	its	place.	Snape	was	shaking	Professor	McGonagall’s
28: hand,	with	a	horrible,	forced	smile.	He	caught	Harry’s	eye	and	Harry	knew	at
29: once	that	Snape’s	feelings	toward	him	hadn’t	changed	one	jot.	This	didn’t
30: worry	Harry.	It	seemed	as	though	life	would	be	back	to	normal	next	year,	or
31: as	normal	as	it	ever	was	at	Hogwarts.
