1: “They	have	enough	Elixir	stored	to	set	their	affairs	in	order	and	then,	yes,
2: they	will	die.”
3: Dumbledore	smiled	at	the	look	of	amazement	on	Harry’s	face.
4: “To	one	as	young	as	you,	I’m	sure	it	seems	incredible,	but	to	Nicolas	and
5: Perenelle,	it	really	is	like	going	to	bed	after	a	very,	
6: very
7: 	long	day.	After	all,	to
8: the	well-organized	mind,	death	is	but	the	next	great	adventure.	You	know,	the
9: Stone	was	really	not	such	a	wonderful	thing.	As	much	money	and	life	as	you
10: could	want!	The	two	things	most	human	beings	would	choose	above	all	—
11: the	trouble	is,	humans	do	have	a	knack	of	choosing	precisely	those	things	that
12: are	worst	for	them.”
13: Harry	lay	there,	lost	for	words.	Dumbledore	hummed	a	little	and	smiled	at
14: the	ceiling.
15: “Sir?”	said	Harry.	“I’ve	been	thinking	.	.	.	Sir	—	even	if	the	Stone’s	gone,
16: Vol-,	I	mean,	You-Know-Who	—”
17: “Call	him	Voldemort,	Harry.	Always	use	the	proper	name	for	things.	Fear
18: of	a	name	increases	fear	of	the	thing	itself.”
19: “Yes,	sir.	Well,	Voldemort’s	going	to	try	other	ways	of	coming	back,	isn’t
20: he?	I	mean,	he	hasn’t	gone,	has	he?”
21: “No,	Harry,	he	has	not.	He	is	still	out	there	somewhere,	perhaps	looking	for
22: another	body	to	share	.	.	.	not	being	truly	alive,	he	cannot	be	killed.	He	left
23: Quirrell	to	die;	he	shows	just	as	little	mercy	to	his	followers	as	his	enemies.
24: Nevertheless,	Harry,	while	you	may	only	have	delayed	his	return	to	power,	it
25: will	merely	take	someone	else	who	is	prepared	to	fight	what	seems	a	losing
26: battle	next	time	—	and	if	he	is	delayed	again,	and	again,	why,	he	may	never
27: return	to	power.”
28: Harry	nodded,	but	stopped	quickly,	because	it	made	his	head	hurt.	Then	he
29: said,	“Sir,	there	are	some	other	things	I’d	like	to	know,	if	you	can	tell	me	.	.	.
30: things	I	want	to	know	the	truth	about.	.	.	.”
31: “The	truth.”	Dumbledore	sighed.	“It	is	a	beautiful	and	terrible	thing,	and
32: should	therefore	be	treated	with	great	caution.	However,	I	shall	answer	your
33: questions	unless	I	have	a	very	good	reason	not	to,	in	which	case	I	beg	you’ll
