burst	into	tears.	Gryffindors	up	and	down	the	table	were	beside	themselves	—
they	were	a	hundred	points	up.
“Third	—	to	Mr.	Harry	Potter	.	.	.”	said	Dumbledore.	The	room	went
deadly	quiet.	“.	.	.	for	pure	nerve	and	outstanding	courage,	I	award	Gryffindor
House	sixty	points.”
The	din	was	deafening.	Those	who	could	add	up	while	yelling	themselves
hoarse	knew	that	Gryffindor	now	had	four	hundred	and	seventy-two	points	—
exactly	the	same	as	Slytherin.	They	had	tied	for	the	House	Cup	—	if	only
Dumbledore	had	given	Harry	just	one	more	point.
Dumbledore	raised	his	hand.	The	room	gradually	fell	silent.
“There	are	all	kinds	of	courage,”	said	Dumbledore,	smiling.	“It	takes	a
great	deal	of	bravery	to	stand	up	to	our	enemies,	but	just	as	much	to	stand	up
to	our	friends.	I	therefore	award	ten	points	to	Mr.	Neville	Longbottom.”
Someone	standing	outside	the	Great	Hall	might	well	have	thought	some
sort	of	explosion	had	taken	place,	so	loud	was	the	noise	that	erupted	from	the
Gryffindor	table.	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	stood	up	to	yell	and	cheer	as
Neville,	white	with	shock,	disappeared	under	a	pile	of	people	hugging	him.
He	had	never	won	so	much	as	a	point	for	Gryffindor	before.	Harry,	still
cheering,	nudged	Ron	in	the	ribs	and	pointed	at	Malfoy,	who	couldn’t	have
looked	more	stunned	and	horrified	if	he’d	just	had	the	Body-Bind	Curse	put
on	him.
“Which	means,”	Dumbledore	called	over	the	storm	of	applause,	for	even
Ravenclaw	and	Hufflepuff	were	celebrating	the	downfall	of	Slytherin,	“we
need	a	little	change	of	decoration.”
He	clapped	his	hands.	In	an	instant,	the	green	hangings	became	scarlet	and
the	silver	became	gold;	the	huge	Slytherin	serpent	vanished	and	a	towering
Gryffindor	lion	took	its	place.	Snape	was	shaking	Professor	McGonagall’s
hand,	with	a	horrible,	forced	smile.	He	caught	Harry’s	eye	and	Harry	knew	at
once	that	Snape’s	feelings	toward	him	hadn’t	changed	one	jot.	This	didn’t
worry	Harry.	It	seemed	as	though	life	would	be	back	to	normal	next	year,	or
as	normal	as	it	ever	was	at	Hogwarts.