1: It	was	the	best	evening	of	Harry’s	life,	better	than	winning	at	Quidditch,	or
2: Christmas,	or	knocking	out	mountain	trolls	.	.	.	he	would	never,	ever	forget
3: tonight.
4: Harry	had	almost	forgotten	that	the	exam	results	were	still	to	come,	but	come
5: they	did.	To	their	great	surprise,	both	he	and	Ron	passed	with	good	marks;
6: Hermione,	of	course,	had	the	best	grades	of	the	first	years.	Even	Neville
7: scraped	through,	his	good	Herbology	mark	making	up	for	his	abysmal	Potions
8: one.	They	had	hoped	that	Goyle,	who	was	almost	as	stupid	as	he	was	mean,
9: might	be	thrown	out,	but	he	had	passed,	too.	It	was	a	shame,	but	as	Ron	said,
10: you	couldn’t	have	everything	in	life.
11: And	 suddenly,	 their	 wardrobes	 were	 empty,	 their	 trunks	 were	 packed,
12: Neville’s	toad	was	found	lurking	in	a	corner	of	the	toilets;	notes	were	handed
13: out	to	all	students,	warning	them	not	to	use	magic	over	the	holidays	(“I
14: always	hope	they’ll	forget	to	give	us	these,”	said	Fred	Weasley	sadly);	Hagrid
15: was	there	to	take	them	down	to	the	fleet	of	boats	that	sailed	across	the	lake;
16: they	 were	 boarding	 the	 Hogwarts	 Express;	 talking	 and	 laughing	 as	 the
17: countryside	 became	 greener	 and	 tidier;	 eating	 Bertie	 Bott’s	 Every	 Flavor
18: Beans	as	they	sped	past	Muggle	towns;	pulling	off	their	wizard	robes	and
19: putting	on	jackets	and	coats;	pulling	into	platform	nine	and	three-quarters	at
20: King’s	Cross	station.
21: It	took	quite	a	while	for	them	all	to	get	off	the	platform.	A	wizened	old
22: guard	was	up	by	the	ticket	barrier,	letting	them	go	through	the	gate	in	twos
23: and	threes	so	they	didn’t	attract	attention	by	all	bursting	out	of	a	solid	wall	at
24: once	and	alarming	the	Muggles.
25: “You	must	come	and	stay	this	summer,”	said	Ron,	“both	of	you	—	I’ll	send
26: you	an	owl.”
27: “Thanks,”	said	Harry,	“I’ll	need	something	to	look	forward	to.”
28: People	jostled	them	as	they	moved	forward	toward	the	gateway	back	to	the
29: Muggle	world.	Some	of	them	called:
30: “Bye,	Harry!”
31: “See	you,	Potter!”
