1: “Of	course,”	said	Quirrell	coolly.	“Why	do	you	think	he	wanted	to	referee
2: your	next	match?	He	was	trying	to	make	sure	I	didn’t	do	it	again.	Funny,
3: really	.	.	.	he	needn’t	have	bothered.	I	couldn’t	do	anything	with	Dumbledore
4: watching.	All	the	other	teachers	thought	Snape	was	trying	to	stop	Gryffindor
5: from	winning,	he	
6: did
7: 	make	himself	unpopular	.	.	.	and	what	a	waste	of	time,
8: when	after	all	that,	I’m	going	to	kill	you	tonight.”
9: Quirrell	snapped	his	fingers.	Ropes	sprang	out	of	thin	air	and	wrapped
10: themselves	tightly	around	Harry.
11: “You’re	too	nosy	to	live,	Potter.	Scurrying	around	the	school	on	Halloween
12: like	that,	for	all	I	knew	you’d	seen	me	coming	to	look	at	what	was	guarding
13: the	Stone.”
14: “
15: You
16: 	let	the	troll	in?”
17: “Certainly.	I	have	a	special	gift	with	trolls	—	you	must	have	seen	what	I
18: did	to	the	one	in	the	chamber	back	there?	Unfortunately,	while	everyone	else
19: was	running	around	looking	for	it,	Snape,	who	already	suspected	me,	went
20: straight	to	the	third	floor	to	head	me	off	—	and	not	only	did	my	troll	fail	to
21: beat	you	to	death,	that	three-headed	dog	didn’t	even	manage	to	bite	Snape’s
22: leg	off	properly.
23: “Now,	wait	quietly,	Potter.	I	need	to	examine	this	interesting	mirror.”
24: It	was	only	then	that	Harry	realized	what	was	standing	behind	Quirrell.	It
25: was	the	Mirror	of	Erised.
26: “This	mirror	is	the	key	to	finding	the	Stone,”	Quirrell	murmured,	tapping
27: his	way	around	the	frame.	“Trust	Dumbledore	to	come	up	with	something	like
28: this	.	.	.	but	he’s	in	London	.	.	.	I’ll	be	far	away	by	the	time	he	gets	back.	.	.	.”
29: All	Harry	could	think	of	doing	was	to	keep	Quirrell	talking	and	stop	him
30: from	concentrating	on	the	mirror.
31: “I	saw	you	and	Snape	in	the	forest	—”	he	blurted	out.
32: “Yes,”	said	Quirrell	idly,	walking	around	the	mirror	to	look	at	the	back.
33: “He	 was	 on	 to	 me	 by	 that	 time,	 trying	 to	 find	 out	 how	 far	 I’d	 got.	 He
34: suspected	me	all	along.	Tried	to	frighten	me	—	as	though	he	could,	when	I
35: had	Lord	Voldemort	on	my	side.	.	.	.”
