1: “Hagrid!”	 said	 Harry,	 shocked	 to	 see	 Hagrid	 shaking	 with	 grief	 and
2: remorse,	great	tears	leaking	down	into	his	beard.	“Hagrid,	he’d	have	found
3: out	somehow,	this	is	Voldemort	we’re	talking	about,	he’d	have	found	out	even
4: if	you	hadn’t	told	him.”
5: “Yeh	could’ve	died!”	sobbed	Hagrid.	“An’	don’	say	the	name!”
6: “VOLDEMORT!”	Harry	bellowed,	and	Hagrid	was	so	shocked,	he	stopped
7: crying.	“I’ve	met	him	and	I’m	calling	him	by	his	name.	Please	cheer	up,
8: Hagrid,	we	saved	the	Stone,	it’s	gone,	he	can’t	use	it.	Have	a	Chocolate	Frog,
9: I’ve	got	loads.	.	.	.”
10: Hagrid	wiped	his	nose	on	the	back	of	his	hand	and	said,	“That	reminds	me.
11: I’ve	got	yeh	a	present.”
12: “It’s	not	a	stoat	sandwich,	is	it?”	said	Harry	anxiously,	and	at	last	Hagrid
13: gave	a	weak	chuckle.
14: “Nah.	Dumbledore	gave	me	the	day	off	yesterday	ter	fix	it.	’Course,	he
15: shoulda	sacked	me	instead	—	anyway,	got	yeh	this	.	.	.”
16: It	 seemed	 to	 be	 a	 handsome,	 leather-covered	 book.	 Harry	 opened	 it
17: curiously.	It	was	full	of	wizard	photographs.	Smiling	and	waving	at	him	from
18: every	page	were	his	mother	and	father.
19: “Sent	owls	off	ter	all	yer	parents’	old	school	friends,	askin’	fer	photos	.	.	.
20: knew	yeh	didn’	have	any	.	.	.	d’yeh	like	it?”
21: Harry	couldn’t	speak,	but	Hagrid	understood.
22: Harry	made	his	way	down	to	the	end-of-year	feast	alone	that	night.	He	had
23: been	held	up	by	Madam	Pomfrey’s	fussing	about,	insisting	on	giving	him	one
24: last	checkup,	so	the	Great	Hall	was	already	full.	It	was	decked	out	in	the
25: Slytherin	colors	of	green	and	silver	to	celebrate	Slytherin’s	winning	the	House
26: Cup	for	the	seventh	year	in	a	row.	A	huge	banner	showing	the	Slytherin
27: serpent	covered	the	wall	behind	the	High	Table.
28: When	 Harry	 walked	 in	 there	 was	 a	 sudden	 hush,	 and	 then	 everybody
29: started	 talking	 loudly	 at	 once.	 He	 slipped	 into	 a	 seat	 between	 Ron	 and
30: Hermione	at	the	Gryffindor	table	and	tried	to	ignore	the	fact	that	people	were
31: standing	up	to	look	at	him.
