=== PDF page 872 ===
possibilities	were	open	to	us	now	that	we	could	all	transform.	Soon	we	were
leaving	the	Shrieking	Shack	and	roaming	the	school	grounds	and	the	village
by	night.	Sirius	and	James	transformed	into	such	large	animals,	they	were
able	to	keep	a	werewolf	in	check.	I	doubt	whether	any	Hogwarts	students	ever
found	out	more	about	the	Hogwarts	grounds	and	Hogsmeade	than	we	did.	.	.	.
And	that’s	how	we	came	to	write	the	Marauder’s	Map,	and	sign	it	with	our
nicknames.	Sirius	is	Padfoot.	Peter	is	Wormtail.	James	was	Prongs.”
“What	sort	of	animal	—	?”	Harry	began,	but	Hermione	cut	him	off.
“That	 was	 still	 really	 dangerous!	 Running	 around	 in	 the	 dark	 with	 a
werewolf!	What	if	you’d	given	the	others	the	slip,	and	bitten	somebody?”
“A	thought	that	still	haunts	me,”	said	Lupin	heavily.	“And	there	were	near
misses,	many	of	them.	We	laughed	about	them	afterwards.	We	were	young,
thoughtless	—	carried	away	with	our	own	cleverness.
“I	sometimes	felt	guilty	about	betraying	Dumbledore’s	trust,	of	course	.	.	.
he	had	admitted	me	to	Hogwarts	when	no	other	headmaster	would	have	done
so,	and	he	had	no	idea	I	was	breaking	the	rules	he	had	set	down	for	my	own
and	 others’	 safety.	 He	 never	 knew	 I	 had	 led	 three	 fellow	 students	 into
becoming	 Animagi	 illegally.	 But	 I	 always	 managed	 to	 forget	 my	 guilty
feelings	every	time	we	sat	down	to	plan	our	next	month’s	adventure.	And	I
haven’t	changed.	.	.	.”
Lupin’s	face	had	hardened,	and	there	was	self-disgust	in	his	voice.	“All	this
year,	 I	 have	 been	 battling	 with	 myself,	 wondering	 whether	 I	 should	 tell
Dumbledore	that	Sirius	was	an	Animagus.	But	I	didn’t	do	it.	Why?	Because	I
was	too	cowardly.	It	would	have	meant	admitting	that	I’d	betrayed	his	trust
while	I	was	at	school,	admitting	that	I’d	led	others	along	with	me	.	.	.	and
Dumbledore’s	trust	has	meant	everything	to	me.	He	let	me	into	Hogwarts	as	a
boy,	and	he	gave	me	a	job	when	I	have	been	shunned	all	my	adult	life,	unable
to	find	paid	work	because	of	what	I	am.	And	so	I	convinced	myself	that	Sirius
was	getting	into	the	school	using	Dark	Arts	he	learned	from	Voldemort,	that
being	an	Animagus	had	nothing	to	do	with	it	.	.	.	so,	in	a	way,	Snape’s	been
right	about	me	all	along.”
“Snape?”	said	Black	harshly,	taking	his	eyes	off	Scabbers	for	the	first	time
