=== PDF page 870 ===
foolhardy.	.	.	.”
He	looked	sober	and	tired.	Ron	started	to	interrupt,	but	Hermione	said,
“Shh!”	She	was	watching	Lupin	very	intently.
“I	 was	 a	 very	 small	 boy	 when	 I	 received	 the	 bite.	 My	 parents	 tried
everything,	but	in	those	days	there	was	no	cure.	The	potion	that	Professor
Snape	has	been	making	for	me	is	a	very	recent	discovery.	It	makes	me	safe,
you	see.	As	long	as	I	take	it	in	the	week	preceding	the	full	moon,	I	keep	my
mind	when	I	transform.	.	.	.	I	am	able	to	curl	up	in	my	office,	a	harmless	wolf,
and	wait	for	the	moon	to	wane	again.
“Before	the	Wolfsbane	Potion	was	discovered,	however,	I	became	a	fully
fledged	monster	once	a	month.	It	seemed	impossible	that	I	would	be	able	to
come	 to	 Hogwarts.	 Other	 parents	 weren’t	 likely	 to	 want	 their	 children
exposed	to	me.
“But	then	Dumbledore	became	headmaster,	and	he	was	sympathetic.	He
said	 that	 as	 long	 as	 we	 took	 certain	 precautions,	 there	 was	 no	 reason	 I
shouldn’t	come	to	school.	.	.	.”	Lupin	sighed,	and	looked	directly	at	Harry.	“I
told	you,	months	ago,	that	the	Whomping	Willow	was	planted	the	year	I	came
to	Hogwarts.	The	truth	is	that	it	was	planted	
because
	I	came	to	Hogwarts.
This	house”	—	
Lupin	looked	miserably	around	the	room	—	“the	tunnel	that
leads	to	it	—	they	were	built	for	my	use.	Once	a	month,	I	was	smuggled	out
of	the	castle,	into	this	place,	to	transform.	The	tree	was	placed	at	the	tunnel
mouth	to	stop	anyone	coming	across	me	while	I	was	dangerous.”
Harry	couldn’t	see	where	this	story	was	going,	but	he	was	listening	raptly
all	 the	 same.	 The	 only	 sound	 apart	 from	 Lupin’s	 voice	 was	 Scabbers’s
frightened	squeaking.
“My	transformations	in	those	days	were	—	were	terrible.	It	is	very	painful
to	turn	into	a	werewolf.	I	was	separated	from	humans	to	bite,	so	I	bit	and
scratched	myself	instead.	The	villagers	heard	the	noise	and	the	screaming	and
thought	 they	 were	 hearing	 particularly	 violent	 spirits.	 Dumbledore
encouraged	the	rumor.	.	.	.	Even	now,	when	the	house	has	been	silent	for
years,	the	villagers	don’t	dare	approach	it.	.	.	.
“But	apart	from	my	transformations,	I	was	happier	than	I	had	ever	been	in
