=== PDF page 758 ===
Hagrid	win	his	case	against	the	Committee	for	the	Disposal	of	Dangerous
Creatures.	 He,	 Ron,	 and	 Hermione	 went	 to	 the	 library	 the	 next	 day	 and
returned	to	the	empty	common	room	laden	with	books	that	might	help	prepare
a	defense	for	Buckbeak.	The	three	of	them	sat	in	front	of	the	roaring	fire,
slowly	turning	the	pages	of	dusty	volumes	about	famous	cases	of	marauding
beasts,	speaking	occasionally	when	they	ran	across	something	relevant.
“Here’s	something	.	.	.	there	was	a	case	in	1722	.	.	.	but	the	hippogriff	was
convicted	—	ugh,	look	what	they	did	to	it,	that’s	disgusting	—”
“This	might	help,	look	—	a	manticore	savaged	someone	in	1296,	and	they
let	the	manticore	off	—	oh	—	no,	that	was	only	because	everyone	was	too
scared	to	go	near	it.	.	.	.”
Meanwhile,	 in	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 castle,	 the	 usual	 magnificent	 Christmas
decorations	had	been	put	up,	despite	the	fact	that	hardly	any	of	the	students
remained	to	enjoy	them.	Thick	streamers	of	holly	and	mistletoe	were	strung
along	the	corridors,	mysterious	lights	shone	from	inside	every	suit	of	armor,
and	the	Great	Hall	was	filled	with	its	usual	twelve	Christmas	trees,	glittering
with	golden	stars.	A	powerful	and	delicious	smell	of	cooking	pervaded	the
corridors,	and	by	Christmas	Eve,	it	had	grown	so	strong	that	even	Scabbers
poked	his	nose	out	of	the	shelter	of	Ron’s	pocket	to	sniff	hopefully	at	the	air.
On	Christmas	morning,	Harry	was	woken	by	Ron	throwing	his	pillow	at
him.
“Oi!	Presents!”
Harry	reached	for	his	glasses	and	put	them	on,	squinting	through	the	semi-
darkness	to	the	foot	of	his	bed,	where	a	small	heap	of	parcels	had	appeared.
Ron	was	already	ripping	the	paper	off	his	own	presents.
“Another	sweater	from	Mum	.	.	.	maroon	
again
	.	.	.	see	if	you’ve	got	one.”
Harry	had.	Mrs.	Weasley	had	sent	him	a	scarlet	sweater	with	the	Gryffindor
lion	 knitted	 on	 the	 front;	 also	 a	 dozen	 home-baked	 mince	 pies,	 some
Christmas	cake,	and	a	box	of	nut	brittle.	As	he	moved	all	these	things	aside,
he	saw	a	long,	thin	package	lying	underneath.
“What’s	that?”	said	Ron,	looking	over,	a	freshly	unwrapped	pair	of	maroon
