=== PDF page 574 ===
Wendelin	the	Weird	enjoyed	being	burned	so	much	that	she	allowed
herself	 to	 be	 caught	 no	 less	 than	 forty-seven	 times	 in	 various
disguises.
Harry	put	his	quill	between	his	teeth	and	reached	underneath	his	pillow	for
his	 ink	 bottle	 and	 a	 roll	 of	 parchment.	 Slowly	 and	 very	 carefully	 he
unscrewed	the	ink	bottle,	dipped	his	quill	into	it,	and	began	to	write,	pausing
every	 now	 and	 then	 to	 listen,	 because	 if	 any	 of	 the	 Dursleys	 heard	 the
scratching	 of	 his	 quill	 on	 their	 way	 to	 the	 bathroom,	 he’d	 probably	 find
himself	locked	in	the	cupboard	under	the	stairs	for	the	rest	of	the	summer.
The	Dursley	family	of	number	four,	Privet	Drive,	was	the	reason	that	Harry
never	enjoyed	his	summer	holidays.	Uncle	Vernon,	Aunt	Petunia,	and	their
son,	Dudley,	were	Harry’s	only	living	relatives.	They	were	Muggles,	and	they
had	a	very	medieval	attitude	toward	magic.	Harry’s	dead	parents,	who	had
been	 a	 witch	 and	 wizard	 themselves,	 were	 never	 mentioned	 under	 the
Dursleys’	roof.	For	years,	Aunt	Petunia	and	Uncle	Vernon	had	hoped	that	if
they	kept	Harry	as	downtrodden	as	possible,	they	would	be	able	to	squash	the
magic	out	of	him.	To	their	fury,	they	had	been	unsuccessful.	These	days	they
lived	in	terror	of	anyone	finding	out	that	Harry	had	spent	most	of	the	last	two
years	at	Hogwarts	School	of	Witchcraft	and	Wizardry.	The	most	they	could
do,	 however,	 was	 to	 lock	 away	 Harry’s	 spellbooks,	 wand,	 cauldron,	 and
broomstick	at	the	start	of	the	summer	break,	and	forbid	him	to	talk	to	the
neighbors.
This	separation	from	his	spellbooks	had	been	a	real	problem	for	Harry,
because	his	teachers	at	Hogwarts	had	given	him	a	lot	of	holiday	work.	One	of
the	essays,	a	particularly	nasty	one	about	shrinking	potions,	was	for	Harry’s
least	favorite	teacher,	Professor	Snape,	who	would	be	delighted	to	have	an
excuse	to	give	Harry	detention	for	a	month.	Harry	had	therefore	seized	his
chance	in	the	first	week	of	the	holidays.	While	Uncle	Vernon,	Aunt	Petunia,
and	Dudley	had	gone	out	into	the	front	garden	to	admire	Uncle	Vernon’s	new
company	car	(in	very	loud	voices,	so	that	the	rest	of	the	street	would	notice	it
too),	Harry	had	crept	downstairs,	picked	the	lock	on	the	cupboard	under	the
stairs,	grabbed	some	of	his	books,	and	hidden	them	in	his	bedroom.	As	long
as	he	didn’t	leave	spots	of	ink	on	the	sheets,	the	Dursleys	need	never	know
