=== PDF page 400 ===
Lockhart	stepped	forward	eagerly.
“My	office	is	nearest,	Headmaster	—	just	upstairs	—	please	feel	free	—”
“Thank	you,	Gilderoy,”	said	Dumbledore.
The	silent	crowd	parted	to	let	them	pass.	Lockhart,	looking	excited	and
important,	 hurried	 after	 Dumbledore;	 so	 did	 Professors	 McGonagall	 and
Snape.
As	they	entered	Lockhart’s	darkened	office	there	was	a	flurry	of	movement
across	the	walls;	Harry	saw	several	of	the	Lockharts	in	the	pictures	dodging
out	of	sight,	their	hair	in	rollers.	The	real	Lockhart	lit	the	candles	on	his	desk
and	stood	back.	Dumbledore	laid	Mrs.	Norris	on	the	polished	surface	and
began	to	examine	her.	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	exchanged	tense	looks	and
sank	into	chairs	outside	the	pool	of	candlelight,	watching.
The	tip	of	Dumbledore’s	long,	crooked	nose	was	barely	an	inch	from	Mrs.
Norris’s	fur.	He	was	looking	at	her	closely	through	his	half-moon	spectacles,
his	long	fingers	gently	prodding	and	poking.	Professor	McGonagall	was	bent
almost	 as	 close,	 her	 eyes	 narrowed.	 Snape	 loomed	 behind	 them,	 half	 in
shadow,	wearing	a	most	peculiar	expression:	It	was	as	though	he	was	trying
hard	not	to	smile.	And	Lockhart	was	hovering	around	all	of	them,	making
suggestions.
“It	was	definitely	a	curse	that	killed	her	—	probably	the	Transmogrifian
Torture	—	I’ve	seen	it	used	many	times,	so	unlucky	I	wasn’t	there,	I	know	the
very	countercurse	that	would	have	saved	her.	.	.	.”
Lockhart’s	comments	were	punctuated	by	Filch’s	dry,	racking	sobs.	He	was
slumped	in	a	chair	by	the	desk,	unable	to	look	at	Mrs.	Norris,	his	face	in	his
hands.	Much	as	he	detested	Filch,	Harry	couldn’t	help	feeling	a	bit	sorry	for
him,	though	not	nearly	as	sorry	as	he	felt	for	himself.	If	Dumbledore	believed
Filch,	he	would	be	expelled	for	sure.
Dumbledore	 was	 now	 muttering	 strange	 words	 under	 his	 breath	 and
tapping	Mrs.	Norris	with	his	wand,	but	nothing	happened:	She	continued	to
look	as	though	she	had	been	recently	stuffed.
“.	.	.	I	remember	something	very	similar	happening	in	Ouagadogou,”	said
