=== PDF page 404 ===
powers.	Kind	of	the	opposite	of	Muggle-born	wizards,	but	Squibs	are	quite
unusual.	If	Filch’s	trying	to	learn	magic	from	a	Kwikspell	course,	I	reckon	he
must	be	a	Squib.	It	would	explain	a	lot.	Like	why	he	hates	students	so	much.”
Ron	gave	a	satisfied	smile.	“He’s	bitter.”
A	clock	chimed	somewhere.
“Midnight,”	said	Harry.	“We’d	better	get	to	bed	before	Snape	comes	along
and	tries	to	frame	us	for	something	else.”
For	a	few	days,	the	school	could	talk	of	little	else	but	the	attack	on	Mrs.
Norris.	Filch	kept	it	fresh	in	everyone’s	minds	by	pacing	the	spot	where	she
had	been	attacked,	as	though	he	thought	the	attacker	might	come	back.	Harry
had	seen	him	scrubbing	the	message	on	the	wall	with	Mrs.	Skower’s	All-
Purpose	Magical	Mess	Remover,	but	to	no	effect;	the	words	still	gleamed	as
brightly	as	ever	on	the	stone.	When	Filch	wasn’t	guarding	the	scene	of	the
crime,	 he	 was	 skulking	 red-eyed	 through	 the	 corridors,	 lunging	 out	 at
unsuspecting	students	 and	trying	 to	put	 them	in	 detention	for	 things	 like
“breathing	loudly”	and	“looking	happy.”
Ginny	Weasley	seemed	very	disturbed	by	Mrs.	Norris’s	fate.	According	to
Ron,	she	was	a	great	cat	lover.
“But	you	haven’t	really	got	to	know	Mrs.	Norris,”	Ron	told	her	bracingly.
“Honestly,	we’re	much	better	off	without	her.”	Ginny’s	lip	trembled.	“Stuff
like	this	doesn’t	often	happen	at	Hogwarts,”	Ron	assured	her.	“They’ll	catch
the	maniac	who	did	it	and	have	him	out	of	here	in	no	time.	I	just	hope	he’s	got
time	to	Petrify	Filch	before	he’s	expelled.	I’m	only	joking	—”	Ron	added
hastily	as	Ginny	blanched.
The	attack	had	also	had	an	effect	on	Hermione.	It	was	quite	usual	for
Hermione	to	spend	a	lot	of	time	reading,	but	she	was	now	doing	almost
nothing	else.	Nor	could	Harry	and	Ron	get	much	response	from	her	when
they	asked	what	she	was	up	to,	and	not	until	the	following	Wednesday	did
they	find	out.
Harry	had	been	held	back	in	Potions,	where	Snape	had	made	him	stay
behind	to	scrape	tubeworms	off	the	desks.	After	a	hurried	lunch,	he	went
upstairs	 to	 meet	 Ron	 in	 the	 library,	 and	 saw	 Justin	 Finch-Fletchley,	 the
