=== PDF page 514 ===
Harry	spun	around.	Feet	away,	towering	above	him,	was	a	solid	wall	of
spiders,	clicking,	their	many	eyes	gleaming	in	their	ugly	black	heads.
Even	as	he	reached	for	his	wand,	Harry	knew	it	was	no	good,	there	were
too	many	of	them,	but	as	he	tried	to	stand,	ready	to	die	fighting,	a	loud,	long
note	sounded,	and	a	blaze	of	light	flamed	through	the	hollow.
Mr.	Weasley’s	car	was	thundering	down	the	slope,	headlights	glaring,	its
horn	 screeching,	 knocking	 spiders	 aside;	 several	 were	 thrown	 onto	 their
backs,	their	endless	legs	waving	in	the	air.	The	car	screeched	to	a	halt	in	front
of	Harry	and	Ron	and	the	doors	flew	open.
“Get	 Fang!”	 Harry	 yelled,	 diving	 into	 the	 front	 seat;	 Ron	 seized	 the
boarhound	around	the	middle	and	threw	him,	yelping,	into	the	back	of	the	car
—	the	doors	slammed	shut	—	Ron	didn’t	touch	the	accelerator	but	the	car
didn’t	need	him;	the	engine	roared	and	they	were	off,	hitting	more	spiders.
They	sped	up	the	slope,	out	of	the	hollow,	and	they	were	soon	crashing
through	the	forest,	branches	whipping	the	windows	as	the	car	wound	its	way
cleverly	through	the	widest	gaps,	following	a	path	it	obviously	knew.
Harry	 looked	 sideways	 at	 Ron.	 His	 mouth	 was	 still	 open	 in	 the	 silent
scream,	but	his	eyes	weren’t	popping	anymore.
“Are	you	okay?”
Ron	stared	straight	ahead,	unable	to	speak.
They	smashed	their	way	through	the	undergrowth,	Fang	howling	loudly	in
the	back	seat,	and	Harry	saw	the	side	mirror	snap	off	as	they	squeezed	past	a
large	oak.	After	ten	noisy,	rocky	minutes,	the	trees	thinned,	and	Harry	could
again	see	patches	of	sky.
The	 car	 stopped	 so	 suddenly	 that	 they	 were	 nearly	 thrown	 into	 the
windshield.	They	had	reached	the	edge	of	the	forest.	Fang	flung	himself	at	the
window	in	his	anxiety	to	get	out,	and	when	Harry	opened	the	door,	he	shot	off
through	the	trees	to	Hagrid’s	house,	tail	between	his	legs.	Harry	got	out	too,
and	after	a	minute	or	so,	Ron	seemed	to	regain	the	feeling	in	his	limbs	and
followed,	still	stiff-necked	and	staring.	Harry	gave	the	car	a	grateful	pat	as	it
reversed	back	into	the	forest	and	disappeared	from	view.
