=== PDF page 508 ===
the	end	of	it,	just	enough	to	let	them	watch	the	path	for	signs	of	spiders.
“Good	thinking,”	said	Ron.	“I’d	light	mine,	too,	but	you	know	—	it’d
probably	blow	up	or	something.	.	.	.”
Harry	 tapped	 Ron	 on	 the	 shoulder,	 pointing	 at	 the	 grass.	 Two	 solitary
spiders	were	hurrying	away	from	the	wandlight	into	the	shade	of	the	trees.
“Okay,”	Ron	sighed	as	though	resigned	to	the	worst,	“I’m	ready.	Let’s	go.”
So,	with	Fang	scampering	around	them,	sniffing	tree	roots	and	leaves,	they
entered	the	forest.	By	the	glow	of	Harry’s	wand,	they	followed	the	steady
trickle	of	spiders	moving	along	the	path.	They	walked	behind	them	for	about
twenty	minutes,	not	speaking,	listening	hard	for	noises	other	than	breaking
twigs	and	rustling	leaves.	Then,	when	the	trees	had	become	thicker	than	ever,
so	that	the	stars	overhead	were	no	longer	visible,	and	Harry’s	wand	shone
alone	in	the	sea	of	dark,	they	saw	their	spider	guides	leaving	the	path.
Harry	paused,	trying	to	see	where	the	spiders	were	going,	but	everything
outside	his	little	sphere	of	light	was	pitch-black.	He	had	never	been	this	deep
into	the	forest	before.	He	could	vividly	remember	Hagrid	advising	him	not	to
leave	the	forest	path	last	time	he’d	been	in	here.	But	Hagrid	was	miles	away
now,	probably	sitting	in	a	cell	in	Azkaban,	and	he	had	also	said	to	follow	the
spiders.
Something	wet	touched	Harry’s	hand	and	he	jumped	backward,	crushing
Ron’s	foot,	but	it	was	only	Fang’s	nose.
“What	d’you	reckon?”	Harry	said	to	Ron,	whose	eyes	he	could	just	make
out,	reflecting	the	light	from	his	wand.
“We’ve	come	this	far,”	said	Ron.
So	they	followed	the	darting	shadows	of	the	spiders	into	the	trees.	They
couldn’t	move	very	quickly	now;	there	were	tree	roots	and	stumps	in	their
way,	barely	visible	in	the	near	blackness.	Harry	could	feel	Fang’s	hot	breath
on	his	hand.	More	than	once,	they	had	to	stop,	so	that	Harry	could	crouch
down	and	find	the	spiders	in	the	wandlight.
They	 walked	 for	 what	 seemed	 like	 at	 least	 half	 an	 hour,	 their	 robes
snagging	on	low-slung	branches	and	brambles.	After	a	while,	they	noticed
