=== PDF page 503 ===
only	truly	have	left	this	school	when	none	here	are	loyal	to	me.	.	.	.	Help	will
always	be	given	at	Hogwarts	to	those	who	ask	for	it.”	
But	what	good	were
these	words?	Who	exactly	were	they	supposed	to	ask	for	help,	when	everyone
was	just	as	confused	and	scared	as	they	were?
Hagrid’s	hint	about	the	spiders	was	far	easier	to	understand	—	the	trouble
was,	there	didn’t	seem	to	be	a	single	spider	left	in	the	castle	to	follow.	Harry
looked	everywhere	he	went,	helped	(rather	reluctantly)	by	Ron.	They	were
hampered,	of	course,	by	the	fact	that	they	weren’t	allowed	to	wander	off	on
their	 own	 but	 had	 to	 move	 around	 the	 castle	 in	 a	 pack	 with	 the	 other
Gryffindors.	Most	of	their	fellow	students	seemed	glad	that	they	were	being
shepherded	from	class	to	class	by	teachers,	but	Harry	found	it	very	irksome.
One	person,	however,	seemed	to	be	thoroughly	enjoying	the	atmosphere	of
terror	and	suspicion.	Draco	Malfoy	was	strutting	around	the	school	as	though
he	had	just	been	appointed	Head	Boy.	Harry	didn’t	realize	what	he	was	so
pleased	about	until	the	Potions	lesson	about	two	weeks	after	Dumbledore	and
Hagrid	 had	 left,	 when,	 sitting	 right	 behind	 Malfoy,	 Harry	 overheard	 him
gloating	to	Crabbe	and	Goyle.
“I	always	thought	Father	might	be	the	one	who	got	rid	of	Dumbledore,”	he
said,	 not	 troubling	 to	 keep	 his	 voice	 down.	 “I	 told	 you	 he	 thinks
Dumbledore’s	the	worst	headmaster	the	school’s	ever	had.	Maybe	we’ll	get	a
decent	headmaster	now.	Someone	who	won’t	
want
	the	Chamber	of	Secrets
closed.	McGonagall	won’t	last	long,	she’s	only	filling	in.	.	.	.”
Snape	swept	past	Harry,	making	no	comment	about	Hermione’s	empty	seat
and	cauldron.
“Sir,”	said	Malfoy	loudly.	“Sir,	why	don’t	
you	
apply	for	the	headmaster’s
job?”
“Now,	now,	Malfoy,”	said	Snape,	though	he	couldn’t	suppress	a	thin-lipped
smile.	“Professor	Dumbledore	has	only	been	suspended	by	the	governors.	I
daresay	he’ll	be	back	with	us	soon	enough.”
“Yeah,	right,”	said	Malfoy,	smirking.	“I	expect	you’d	have	Father’s	vote,
sir,	if	you	wanted	to	apply	for	the	job	—	
I’ll
	tell	Father	you’re	the	best	teacher
here,	sir	—”
