=== PDF page 507 ===
had	plenty	to	talk	about,	with	the	result	that	the	common	room	often	didn’t
empty	until	past	midnight.
Harry	went	to	get	the	Invisibility	Cloak	out	of	his	trunk	right	after	dinner,
and	spent	the	evening	sitting	on	it,	waiting	for	the	room	to	clear.	Fred	and
George	challenged	Harry	and	Ron	to	a	few	games	of	Exploding	Snap,	and
Ginny	sat	watching	them,	very	subdued	in	Hermione’s	usual	chair.	Harry	and
Ron	kept	losing	on	purpose,	trying	to	finish	the	games	quickly,	but	even	so,	it
was	well	past	midnight	when	Fred,	George,	and	Ginny	finally	went	to	bed.
Harry	 and	 Ron	 waited	 for	 the	 distant	 sounds	 of	 two	 dormitory	 doors
closing	before	seizing	the	Cloak,	throwing	it	over	themselves,	and	climbing
through	the	portrait	hole.
It	was	another	difficult	journey	through	the	castle,	dodging	all	the	teachers.
At	last	they	reached	the	entrance	hall,	slid	back	the	lock	on	the	oak	front
doors,	squeezed	between	them,	trying	to	stop	any	creaking,	and	stepped	out
into	the	moonlit	grounds.
“’Course,”	said	Ron	abruptly	as	they	strode	across	the	black	grass,	“we
might	get	to	the	forest	and	find	there’s	nothing	to	follow.	Those	spiders	might
not’ve	been	going	there	at	all.	I	know	it	looked	like	they	were	moving	in	that
sort	of	general	direction,	but	.	.	.”
His	voice	trailed	away	hopefully.
They	 reached	 Hagrid’s	 house,	 sad	 and	 sorry-looking	 with	 its	 blank
windows.	When	Harry	pushed	the	door	open,	Fang	went	mad	with	joy	at	the
sight	of	them.	Worried	he	might	wake	everyone	at	the	castle	with	his	deep,
booming	 barks,	 they	 hastily	 fed	 him	 treacle	 toffee	 from	 a	 tin	 on	 the
mantelpiece,	which	glued	his	teeth	together.
Harry	left	the	Invisibility	Cloak	on	Hagrid’s	table.	There	would	be	no	need
for	it	in	the	pitch-dark	forest.
“C’mon,	Fang,	we’re	going	for	a	walk,”	said	Harry,	patting	his	leg,	and
Fang	bounded	happily	out	of	the	house	behind	them,	dashed	to	the	edge	of	the
forest,	and	lifted	his	leg	against	a	large	sycamore	tree.
Harry	took	out	his	wand,	murmured,	
“Lumos!”	
and	a	tiny	light	appeared	at
