=== PDF page 935 ===
mind.	He	couldn’t	help	thinking	a	lot	about	Professor	Trelawney’s	prediction.
He	 kept	 wondering	 where	 Pettigrew	 was	 now,	 whether	 he	 had	 sought
sanctuary	with	Voldemort	yet.	But	the	thing	that	was	lowering	Harry’s	spirits
most	of	all	was	the	prospect	of	returning	to	the	Dursleys.	For	maybe	half	an
hour,	a	glorious	half	hour,	he	had	believed	he	would	be	living	with	Sirius
from	now	on	.	.	.	his	parents’	best	friend.	.	.	.	It	would	have	been	the	next	best
thing	 to	 having	 his	 own	 father	 back.	 And	 while	 no	 news	 of	 Sirius	 was
definitely	good	news,	because	it	meant	he	had	successfully	gone	into	hiding,
Harry	couldn’t	help	feeling	miserable	when	he	thought	of	the	home	he	might
have	had,	and	the	fact	that	it	was	now	impossible.
The	 exam	 results	 came	 out	 on	 the	 last	 day	 of	 term.	 Harry,	 Ron,	 and
Hermione	 had	 passed	 every	 subject.	 Harry	 was	 amazed	 that	 he	 had	 got
through	Potions.	He	had	a	shrewd	suspicion	that	Dumbledore	might	have
stepped	in	to	stop	Snape	failing	him	on	purpose.	Snape’s	behavior	toward
Harry	over	 the	past	 week	had	 been	quite	 alarming.	Harry	 wouldn’t	 have
thought	it	possible	that	Snape’s	dislike	for	him	could	increase,	but	it	certainly
had.	A	muscle	twitched	unpleasantly	at	the	corner	of	Snape’s	thin	mouth
every	time	he	looked	at	Harry,	and	he	was	constantly	flexing	his	fingers,	as
though	itching	to	place	them	around	Harry’s	throat.
Percy	had	got	his	top-grade	N.E.W.T.s;	Fred	and	George	had	scraped	a
handful	of	O.W.L.s	each.	Gryffindor	House,	meanwhile,	largely	thanks	to
their	 spectacular	 performance	 in	 the	 Quidditch	 Cup,	 had	 won	 the	 House
Championship	for	the	third	year	running.	This	meant	that	the	end	of	term
feast	took	place	amid	decorations	of	scarlet	and	gold,	and	that	the	Gryffindor
table	 was	 the	 noisiest	 of	 the	 lot,	 as	 everybody	 celebrated.	 Even	 Harry
managed	to	forget	about	the	journey	back	to	the	Dursleys	the	next	day	as	he
ate,	drank,	talked,	and	laughed	with	the	rest.
As	 the	 Hogwarts	 Express	 pulled	 out	 of	 the	 station	 the	 next	 morning,
Hermione	gave	Harry	and	Ron	some	surprising	news.
“I	went	to	see	Professor	McGonagall	this	morning,	just	before	breakfast.
I’ve	decided	to	drop	Muggle	Studies.”
“But	you	passed	your	exam	with	three	hundred	and	twenty	percent!”	said
