=== PDF page 719 ===
on	toast,	the	rest	of	the	team	had	turned	up.
“It’s	going	to	be	a	tough	one,”	said	Wood,	who	wasn’t	eating	anything.
“Stop	worrying,	Oliver,”	said	Alicia	soothingly,	“we	don’t	mind	a	bit	of
rain.”
But	it	was	considerably	more	than	a	bit	of	rain.	Such	was	the	popularity	of
Quidditch	that	the	whole	school	turned	out	to	watch	the	match	as	usual,	but
they	ran	down	the	lawns	toward	the	Quidditch	field,	heads	bowed	against	the
ferocious	wind,	umbrellas	being	whipped	out	of	their	hands	as	they	went.	Just
before	he	entered	the	locker	room,	Harry	saw	Malfoy,	Crabbe,	and	Goyle,
laughing	and	pointing	at	him	from	under	an	enormous	umbrella	on	their	way
to	the	stadium.
The	team	changed	into	their	scarlet	robes	and	waited	for	Wood’s	usual	pre-
match	pep	talk,	but	it	didn’t	come.	He	tried	to	speak	several	times,	made	an
odd	gulping	noise,	then	shook	his	head	hopelessly	and	beckoned	them	to
follow	him.
The	wind	was	so	strong	that	they	staggered	sideways	as	they	walked	out
onto	the	field.	If	the	crowd	was	cheering,	they	couldn’t	hear	it	over	the	fresh
rolls	of	thunder.	Rain	was	splattering	over	Harry’s	glasses.	How	on	earth	was
he	going	to	see	the	Snitch	in	this?
The	 Hufflepuffs	 were	 approaching	 from	 the	 opposite	 side	 of	 the	 field,
wearing	 canary-yellow	 robes.	 The	 Captains	 walked	 up	 to	 each	 other	 and
shook	hands;	Diggory	smiled	at	Wood	but	Wood	now	looked	as	though	he
had	lockjaw	and	merely	nodded.	Harry	saw	Madam	Hooch’s	mouth	form	the
words,	“Mount	your	brooms.”	He	pulled	his	right	foot	out	of	the	mud	with	a
squelch	and	swung	it	over	his	Nimbus	Two	Thousand.	Madam	Hooch	put	her
whistle	to	her	lips	and	gave	it	a	blast	that	sounded	shrill	and	distant	—	
they
were	off.
Harry	rose	fast,	but	his	Nimbus	was	swerving	slightly	with	the	wind.	He
held	it	as	steady	as	he	could	and	turned,	squinting	into	the	rain.
Within	five	minutes	Harry	was	soaked	to	his	skin	and	frozen,	hardly	able	to
see	his	teammates,	let	alone	the	tiny	Snitch.	He	flew	backward	and	forward
