=== PDF page 712 ===
The	Fat	Lady’s	ripped	canvas	had	been	taken	off	the	wall	and	replaced	with
the	portrait	of	Sir	Cadogan	and	his	fat	gray	pony.	Nobody	was	very	happy
about	this.	Sir	Cadogan	spent	half	his	time	challenging	people	to	duels,	and
the	rest	thinking	up	ridiculously	complicated	passwords,	which	he	changed	at
least	twice	a	day.
“He’s	a	complete	lunatic,”	said	Seamus	Finnigan	angrily	to	Percy.	“Can’t
we	get	anyone	else?”
“None	of	the	other	pictures	wanted	the	job,”	said	Percy.	“Frightened	of
what	happened	to	the	Fat	Lady.	Sir	Cadogan	was	the	only	one	brave	enough
to	volunteer.”
Sir	Cadogan,	however,	was	the	least	of	Harry’s	worries.	He	was	now	being
closely	watched.	Teachers	found	excuses	to	walk	along	corridors	with	him,
and	Percy	Weasley	(acting,	Harry	suspected,	on	his	mother’s	orders)	was
tailing	him	everywhere	like	an	extremely	pompous	guard	dog.	To	cap	it	all,
Professor	McGonagall	summoned	Harry	into	her	office,	with	such	a	somber
expression	on	her	face	Harry	thought	someone	must	have	died.
“There’s	no	point	hiding	it	from	you	any	longer,	Potter,”	she	said	in	a	very
serious	voice.	“I	know	this	will	come	as	a	shock	to	you,	but	Sirius	Black	—”
“I	know	he’s	after	me,”	said	Harry	wearily.	“I	heard	Ron’s	dad	telling	his
mum.	Mr.	Weasley	works	for	the	Ministry	of	Magic.”
Professor	McGonagall	seemed	very	taken	aback.	She	stared	at	Harry	for	a
moment	or	two,	then	said,	“I	see!	Well,	in	that	case,	Potter,	you’ll	understand
why	I	don’t	think	it’s	a	good	idea	for	you	to	be	practicing	Quidditch	in	the
evenings.	Out	on	the	field	with	only	your	team	members,	it’s	very	exposed,
Potter	—”
“We’ve	got	our	first	match	on	Saturday!”	said	Harry,	outraged.	“I’ve	got	to
train,	Professor!”
Professor	McGonagall	considered	him	intently.	Harry	knew	she	was	deeply
interested	in	the	Gryffindor	team’s	prospects;	it	had	been	she,	after	all,	who’d
suggested	him	as	Seeker	in	the	first	place.	He	waited,	holding	his	breath.
“Hmm	.	.	.”	Professor	McGonagall	stood	up	and	stared	out	of	the	window
